0	my experience has been similar to the other reviewers . i think dr. feldman is a great doctor . at times i have found the reception staff rude . and the prices are at least double anywhere else for glasses . i have requested my prescription several times but always left empty handed - they said they would but just did n't get around to printing it out . i would return for the exam but not the products .	2536
0	the women were very nice and friendly and listened to how i wanted my eyebrows . that is the only reason i gave them an extra star . i have been getting my eyebrows threaded for almost 6 years now and i have never had a reaction or problem until i came here . the first time it was very painful and when i woke up the next day i was scabbed and red . i looked like i had a disease . it took weeks to heal . i decided to give them another shot last week and the same thing happened ! looks like i will have to drive back to my old side of town to my old threading bar .	3016
1	great laundry mat , clean machines and friendly staff ! cute rocking chairs to relax in and arcade games/ vending machine for the kids . this is the best i 've found in the area . other customers have also been polite and respectful .	2194
0	i was a pretty loyal customer here just because i lived so close , but twice they 've taken off half my eyebrow , once ripped an eyelash out , and actually burned me with the thread under my eyebrow and i have a lovely scar . no thanks .	460
0	american residential properties is horrible and unorganized . they told me i was approved , excited for that . then i called in the next day and they told me i was n't approved ... horrible service .	3536
0	poor service . employees loud and playing with each other . they had to ask each other who was going to ring my order . drink was made badly as well . there were no other customers in line besides me at the time . beware this location on the a concourse . hope starbucks fixes it soon .	3124
0	i came in today for a nice relaxing pedicure i left there in less than 30 minutes it was the worst pedicure i ever had in my life i paid $ 5 extra for the callus remover which i did not receive also i did not get a massage i also asked for a design in which she said yes and then at the end did nothing at all and when i asked how come i was so rushed out of there with the pedicure she said what my next clients here so my pedicure was less than 20 minutes all together horrible horrible horrible customer service i would never come back there again and i 'm definitely not giving any good reviews on this place	3682
0	horrible service here , john was no help and extremely unprofessional . so much for better quality	3041
0	called late to make an appointment for a couples massage after a long day of traveling , when we got there they did n't understand a word we were saying . they took us to start a foot massage and could n't get that we wanted full body . we ended up walking out . if you are looking for a happy ending i 'm sure you could find that here and for sure the places next door . would n't recommend it for anything else sucks we wasted money on the uber ride over from the strip ,	735
0	i went into the store this morning to print my prepaid shipping label and send off my package . the charge was $ 3.27 ! ! ( after it was already printed and affixed ) . i inquired into the charge and was told it was store policy to charge $ 3 for pulling up the email with the label in it and $ 0.25 for the copy . the associate was nice enough about it but this is ridiculous charge for pulling up an email . i will definitely take all printing and shipping business elsewhere . this used to be one of my favorite places as all employees are very kind and helpful .	1853
1	bump it up to 5 : they are consistently wonderful , a place i really look forward to going !	1160
0	the service is terrible . david , the guy in charge is rude and was not very helpful . my car has been here for almost a month , they have been telling me it 's gon na be ready for pick up for the last two weeks . every time i call david says he will have it ready at the end of the day , it 's been like this for literally 2 weeks . i find this ridiculous and would not re commend this auto shop . i just moved here and aamco had left a bad taste in my mouth . the have me back my car not running at all and with a dent .	3150
0	ok , i 'll admit i 'm a bit of a toronto snob , but i really went in here with an open mind to the ways of the big box store ... but this place is just too much for me to handle . stepping into bb & b feels like you just went through a space warp ( or wormhole , for trekkies ) into the farthest reaches of mississauga . it 's humongous , with painfully bright lighting and a generally depressing , soul-crushing ambiance . on the plus side , the staff were very friendly ( when locatable ) . for now , this city boy is sticking with overpriced department stores and hit-or-miss dollar stores for his housewares needs .	2456
1	i went here for the first time about two weeks ago . the beer selection is great , pretty much any beer you can think of is here . i recommend the potus sour power pack .	3199
1	i purchased a groupon for this comedy club never having been here and not knowing what to expect . i was n't too sure at first because it seemed very disorganized and when we got upstairs ( where the club is ) it was much smaller than expected . the comedians were hilarious though , the bartender was really cool-it turned out to be a great date night . i am excited to have this groupon which allows me to go back as much as i want for the next 90 days . i think even without the groupon price i would still come here because of the $ 25 all you can drink and great humor !	2458
0	save yourself . all i wanted was a polish change and the lady who first painted my nails did so horribly . there were bubbles , smudges etc . someone else had to repolish my nails all over again . top it off , they gave themselves a $ 5 tip i did not authorize on my credit card .	1256
0	i want to like this place . but the service is just too bad . wish they take a little bit more pride in the place because it 's just right down the street from my house on main street . the food is hit or miss , usually hits , but not worth the risk with nunthaporn and sweet cakes across the street where both are always a hit ! !	882
1	i am visiting from northern california and want to say how terrific ms. alex is . she gave me a wonderful cut , listened to all my idiosyncrasies about my hair , and was so cheerful and sweet the whole time . love my haircut ! thanks alex .	2169
1	tons of draft beers leaning towards american microbrews . good deep fried mushrooms . dani at the bar is very friendly & efficient . good stop .	211
0	the cakes are delicious but the past two times i 've been there they help customers that walk in after me before they take my order ... . frustrating ! causing wait times around 40 minutes . great cakes but better customer service is needed .	18
1	thanks for jim for delivering donuts to my son 's apartment for his birthday ! we could not make it from california so we started his day off by sending donuts to him and his roommates . thank you !	3137
1	no frills , quick and easy place . came here to get my watch battery replaced . got there 5 mins after they opened . walked in asking for a battery replacement and handed the guy at the counter my watch . the entire process took less than 5 mins . they even set my watch to the correct time ( bonus points ) . the customer service is basic but for a battery replacement , it was good enough for me . total cost after tax was around $ 10.75 , which i thought was a fair price . i will be back next time my watch stops ticking .	2307
0	worst company ever ! ! ! horrible customer service . i saw that this company is pretty good reviews on thie site ( on yelp ) and a great bbb rating so i decided to give it a try . my cousin is celebrating his 30th birthday in vegas in october i wanted to make it special . so i submitted a request online called and emailed . no reponse . what kind of company is this if you 're business is customer service ? never use this company if you are expecting a call back ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	1616
1	when in robinson i always stop at this location . for a multitude of reasons . 1 . gas : one of the few places in the area that carry the e85 fuel . cheaper than the regular blend and better if you have the appropriate vehicle . 2 . mto : who can pass up touching that screen and imagining the amazing food about to hit your lips . 3 . convenience : if you are either on your way into or out of the shopping mecca that is robinson , it 's easy to get what you need and get out . 4 . it 's sheetz : enough said .	2273
0	i had 3 bags worth of clothes and they checked all of it in 4 minutes ? what the heck ? not coming here again	1446
1	located in the palms casino . ok it 's a movie theater . it was clean , some of the chairs were a little wobbly . the staff was friendly . the prices outrageous , but that 's par for the course at any theater these days . so if you need a respite from the hustle and bustle of the casino , stop in ant check out a movie ! live it up you are in las vegas for cryin ' out loud !	491
0	i would n't recommend this company . takes too long to handle claims . it 's going to be 3 weeks to get our dish washer fixed . they have too many accounts at this point . will be switching home warranty companies shortly .	3653
0	i definitely wanted this place to be better than it was . the japanese tapas items were n't bad , but everything was pretty lacklustre , over all . i had the gyoza dumplings , which were decent , and the spicy chicken on rice , which was a big disappointment in terms of spice and flavouring . as far as the decor , the rear of the restaurant is lovely and a nice place to sit if you 're in a group , but up-front it 's all leftover diner pieces .	1582
1	first time ordering tonight , everything was great ! veggie torta , veggie tamal , chicken fajitas and elote , we love it all , a lot of flavor and very tasty ! will be coming back again !	1421
1	came here just yesterday on a whim , got a table right away , it was quite empty so i thought it was n't going to be too good ( good places are usually packed ) .was i wrong ! the food is reasonably priced , absolutely delicious and filling and the service was outstanding ! the manager here is absolutely charismatic , attentive and just flat out wonderful . great experience and will definitely return ! !	1319
0	this place is completely hit and miss , which can be very frustrating . the first time i went i got a nice chicken dish with interesting sides ( beets and wild rice ) and enjoyed it very much . second time i got an overcooked flank steak ( grey all the way through ) and a fellow dinner got an undercooked salmon fillet ( raw all the way through ) . combined with the generally grumpy service , this is n't a great option especially considering the excellent restaurants up and down harbord .	1271
1	i went for my first spa treatments there just over a week ago and am very pleased . the package i chose had a number of services and was a very good value for the price charged . the professionals who did each of my services were amazing and i already have an appointment to return . great job everyone !	3880
0	you gon na wait for your food forever . also the portions are small and very overpriced . there 's nothing special about their food . i had half chicken and it was more like an 8th of chicken , not half ...	1331
1	the newest starbucks in the jolly old town of markham is the best . huge space to hang out , excellent , friendly staff , same delicious coffee and food of course but this is one of the very few locations to have the clover press which gives you an individually brewed cup of premium blends offered . the space has a lot of natural light with big windows along one side . parking can be tricky with la fitness in the same plaza . big patio area for frappuccino season . i 'll be coming here a lot !	2438
0	if i could give negative stars i would . this hotel is the worst ! ! ! the rooms are dirty and the smell of mold is throughout the entire room . when i went to complain the jack ass at the front desk ( john ) informed me he was the assistant manager which in fact he is n't . he told me i needed to call orbitz who i booked with .	1888
0	rude service . the bartender ignored us . we love noel and `` dog '' ... but every time we go in when this bartender is in he 's always a douchebag and ignores us . he 's too busy playing golden tee with his buddies .	1295
1	this is my new favourite dessert spot ! i absolutely love their mango bingsu . i love that they use shaved milk versus shaved ice . every time i come here i usually split one with my husband . then one day we decided to get our own , and it was the only time we got super sour mangoes ... totally ruined it for us ... but i guess the mangoes they had that week were n't ripe . i can only go when they first open . if i try to come in the evening , it is way too packed . the decor is absolutely beautiful and the cashiers have always been friendly .	1182
0	ordered their `` signature '' noodle and meat dish . the chicken and pea-size bits of pork were over-cooked and very dry . the noodles were under-cooked and tasted rubbery . when i called the restaurant to complain , they were very rude and hung up on me . stay away from this place . there are lots of other fine chinese restaurants in the area .	474
0	customer service was horrible . i spent an hour looking for what i needed without being asked if i needed help once . they were n't busy so i 'm not sure what the problem was , looked like a lot of talking between employees every time i wanted t ask for help . then while checking out the lady never said anything nice to me , no hi , just asked if i wanted to signup for there reward program thing . no thank you or anything . not a good experience at all . sucks because they have things i need and it 's close to me .	2716
1	i love lotus spa and nails ! ! whenever i come , not only do i just walk-in , but everyone is very welcoming and always smiling . i love the background music that plays , it 's relaxing and soothing . the options to pick out your lotion for a manicure are awesome . i enjoy all of the services they offer , i 've had wax , mani and pedis done here . if you ever need a quick service , feel free to visit lotus . i promise you will be pleased !	1263
1	the regular rolls were phenomenal ! the super friendly woman behind the counter reported they were nothing special , but they were light and deliciously chewy while being sweet and savory . delectable fruit and goguma cakes ! this is a lovely place to pass the time !	1108
1	zen foot spa so far is my favorite place to come and get a massage to relax . their massages are the best . you get a massage from head to toes . is amazing ! ! ! ! ! ! you do n't even want to leave after your massage ! ! ! great service !	735
1	if you are looking for a true authentic birria this is the place . the birria de chivo ( goat ) was delicious . made me think of our family mexican vacations .	210
0	a sign advertising low calories and/or carbohydrates ? ... pizza display behind glass ... pick a slice for oven reheating ... paying roughly $ five per slice ... reheated and ready ... quite thin the crust and breading ... thin layer of cheese hardened on ... tasting bland ... sparse sprinkling of toppings for a large slice of pie ... make a pizza thin as possible with little topping as possible , but explain it 's low calories and low carbs ... umm..no..	1371
1	definitely my favorite traditional chinese food restaurant . every time my family comes from out of town , we eat here because the quality of their food is sooo good ; a bonus -- their prices are slightly lower compared to other chinese restaurants in lv . they only have 2-3 people working per shift , so service might be a bit slow if there are a multiple groups eating at the same time ( it 's completely understandable though ) . so in conclusion , good service , reasonable pricing , and amazing food . ca n't wait to come here again !	294
1	this is a great walgreen 's . it 's open 24 hours , has a very helpful pharmacist , photo center , and the staff is very pleasant . i live just down the street from this walgreen 's and even though i do n't go there often , every time i do it 's a pleasant experience . one of the things i like best is that if the cashier gets a little busy they immediately call for assistance and open another cash register . there is nothing worse than standing in a long line with only one check stand open . thank you for providing good customer service .	1733
0	both 7 and 8 have broken or missing locks and 7 has an entire corner missing plexiglass in the top of the bed . not worth the price if it 's not maintained . and yes these things have been mentioned to the staff numerous times .	1485
0	we took a sushi class . the experience was great but we were disappointed by the low cost ingredients . for $ 55 per person we were hoping for a bit more high quality items and more seafood . they were very skimpy on the ingredients . the owner was not very friendly and we also were given a hard time about rescheduling our class .	2612
0	the drive thru takes over 15 minutes to go through for some reason . no excuse for this to happen every time .	1199
1	i 'll be honest we initially wanted to go to ohso and ended up here due to the wait . this place had a small wait as well but we were lucky enough to luck out on four spots at the bar - and it was great ! the decor is amazing . the blue leather chairs are an incredible design touch . indoor/outdoor feel with open windows and desert plant accents made for a wonderful esthetic . on to the important parts . our bartender , wyatt , went out of his way to make our experience excellent ! he was above and beyond with customer service ! and the food was incredible . get the biscuits and gravy !	1331
1	a really nice wash that 's very clean and consistent . free vacuums and compressed air for finishing off your wash . i 'll continue to come here .	2044
1	i just signed up for service this morning based on the reviews that everyone put out there , so first i thank everyone for their input . i was a little hesitant when i did not see any pricing , but it really only took about 5 min to make a phone call and learn all i needed to know . i have been in contact with them twice this morning and had the pleasure of speaking with alina - she is a sweetheart . i am excited about starting new service with them and saying so long to cox and all of their garbage . no throttling , no maximum usage or over limit charges is going to be sweet .	3459
0	it 's not customary to walk in to your hotel room to find black hairs filling the tub and an empty tube of shampoo next to the sink . this is definitely one of the worst casinos i have stayed at in vegas , but hey , at least the beds were comfy .	3630
0	the worst service . since this place is the only chinese takeout in the area we gave this place two try 's in hopes that perhaps the first time was an isolated incident . however each time was we went the service and food were consistent . consistently awful . the manager is extremely rude . he literally threw my credit card back at me after i submitted it for payment . the food is really awful . i would rather go downtown or to any takeout place other than this place if i wanted chinese . do yourself a favor and avoid this place at all costs .	1490
1	they are great ! super fast ! polite - professional ! could not ask for better & easier loan ! in addition , nicole rocks ! ! so funny ! ! it 's a pleasure to watch that girl juggle !	3404
1	these folks care about my classic dodge . the service work completed was professionally done , at a fair price . they appear to pride themselves on good communications , with a smile . i would not hesitate to use blackwell in the future .	2084
1	such a perfect friday night activity ! they have 4 different rooms , which i 've now done 3 of . all have great themes and have great puzzles . mandy , phill and paige are all amazing game masters . would 10/10 recommend . the casino room is good for all ages and would not recommend the collector for young children but would for those looking for an extra thrill .	3701
1	they always greet everyone with a smile who enters even when super busy . they have excellent customer service and i never had any problems coming to this store . i highly recommend them and go see mitch who will go above and beyond .	3027
1	this place still makes it 's bills . still here to stay ... so far i ca n't complain about the place not being clean . but i do hate the prices for food . the theater does have good sized rooms and the screen i normally see is pretty big . not much to say on behalf of this theater but nothing worth complaining about . good place for not waiting in line too long	2450
0	terrible experience . told the dude to cut my hair one way and he cut it completely different . the whole time he was cutting my hair he was on the phone and he constantly complained my `` hair was hard to cut '' . even the other barbers in there were looking at cell phones while cutting other peoples hair . completely unprofessional staff . i 'll never go there again and would never recommend to a friend .	761
0	there was a scorpion in my bathroom , i 'm completely traumatized by it . also , my room was n't cleaned . the gm has accommodated me to some point , but did n't appreciate him trying to tell me scorpions are not dangerous . it can kill you and to me that 's dangerous . i 've never had a scorpion visit me in vegas . scary !	2872
0	bad massage . poor communication . rushed massage . bad employees . worst of all : they expect a minimum tip amount . i told them i was paying 20 % , and they told me that i needed to pay them more . they expected a minimum of 30 % . they argued that they deserved 30 % , and they got angrier and angrier when i told them to include a tip of 20 % and no more . they kept shouting at me that they wanted more tip . and then they said it was a required tip minimum . required ? ? are they crazy ? ? ! disgusting . do n't go to this place . it sucks .	463
0	went into the store and asked for a lift kit on a 97 pathfinder and they seemed not to want to help me .	2632
1	so i 'm going to update my previous post now that i 'm back here . i missed it . people do n't bother you and people are smiling seems like since i 've been gone they 've worked hard upgrading . love golds gym	465
1	first off how could you not like this show ! i have seen the show at the mandalay bay in vegas and in san francisco . the vegas cast is unbelievable ! i went to the finale show on jan 4th and again was n't disappointed . i think mandalay bay made the biggest mistake by ending the show . the lion king in vegas what are they thinking ! hopefully another hotel brings this incredible show back !	2752
0	i do n't get the hype . it did n't taste right . never going back	1461
0	went to this taco bell around 10:50pm and there was two teenagers running the drive thru . the girl did not seem like she was an employee as she was wearing regular clothes and her hair was down and she kept flirting with the male employee . this is a health code violation . i will be reporting this to the health district and to taco bell .	859
1	so incredibly happy to have found this doctor ! i have had such an amazing experience here from day one ! the fact that the administrative girls know my name ? impressive . delivered my first baby with dr. deka and i am just so grateful for her ! we could not have had a better experience . though i did have some issues ( preeclampsia and the baby heart de accelerations ) i felt completely confident with her and the entire staff . they truly care about their patients and it is so evident ! i hope and pray i can continue to go here for years to come !	1589
1	ate out there with a group of friends , the soup here is good . this was my first introduction to a vietnamese resturant in ohio .	784
1	this store rocks . the people are friendly and do n't judge my lack of knowledge of video games . erica is a rock star and even went out of her way to hunt down something i was looking for.. love this store .	426
0	they do a good job with the manicures & pedicures however , nancy had a bad attitude and became so rude when she could n't upsell my service . this happened to me twice already . i 'm definitely avoiding her next time !	2297
1	i only get my haircut with my usual barber and he recently retired and so i had to find a new place , so i gave torri g salon a shot . saw the ad for $ 7 haircut , so i did n't expect much but i was surprised and will differently go back . i was happy because the gal that cut my hair actually listened to how i wanted my haircut and executed it perfectly .	441
1	the brass rail is what a dive bar should be . slightly uncomfortable with bad furnishings , decent beer , and a great place to hang . every time i 've come i 've enjoyed it . there 's even an electronic darts game for when you 're tired of squeezing into a tiny booth , watching bad tv or wondering why they sell so many portable bottles of alcohol from the counter . i love you brass rail , you are divetastic , and you make me happy .	1476
1	i have been with usaa since 2001 and i love them . i have never had s bad experience with them . they have always been great service and i love the app as well ! would n't change banks i have had bad experiences with other banks !	1727
1	my husband and i usually take our kids out to texas roadhouse when we want steak we love the butter cinnamon rolls and their salad . i like that they have the waitresses dance to country songs it goes with the environment	560
1	just ate at origin india on paradise rd . the food was fresh and not greasy . the staff was very friendly and it was very homey inside . we has the lunch buffet and being vegetarian and gluten free , there was plenty to eat . highly recommend it if you want a nice , friendly indian restaurant .	600
0	my wife liked place in the beginning but our last visit went bad . she picked our two dogs and the counter girl said there was a problem . the girl said one of our dogs was not playing nice . we tried to get more info about this and got no where . the owner will not respond to wife . this place is a over priced joke !	3100
1	7am monday morning on a business trip and ca n't stop coughing . the hotel gave me a list of places and this was the closest . great choice for me . i was a walk-in but got there before the morning rush . waited about 20 minutes . filled out paperwork and they got me right in . fortunately it 's just allergies and a mild virus . got a prescription and i 'm on my way . and the cabbie who took me , gave me his number and came back to get me when i was done . so nice . on to the rest of my trip .	2517
0	i went to this place for the very first and last time on monday , march 6 , 2017 for lunch . 1 ) this place is way over priced 2 ) my tuna melt was soggy , tasted weird and even smelled weird as if it was not made correctly . i timed from the time i placed my order and received my order - come on 4 1/2 mins . really ! ! ! almost $ 9.00 for lunch . i will never , ever be back . as i stated it was my first and last time here .	799
0	from cali and desperately needed a cut so i came came to get a `` fresh cut '' and dude named ivan fucked my shit up smh . i was specific how i wanted my cut but he did n't seem to be focus at all .	3469
0	this place gave us a quote on the phone and jacked up everything by over 200 bucks . a bunch of thiefs . do not go here .	2210
1	located in upscale south park , beautiful neighborhood . i love to come to regal cinema because it 's just a mile away from my home and the crowd is really good .. if you are in south park then regal cinema a must go .	3680
1	this little chocolate shop , although pricy , sells pretty great chocolates . we purchased a few of the 9 pc assortment to get an overview of flavours and found there . the experimental flavours were great ! and the chocolates look beautiful overall . they are composed of a hard with flavorful filling . good as a fancy chocolate gift	2230
1	the best beef broth i 've had in vegas . ordered their king size pho with beef , tendon , and brisket , and it did not disappoint ! love it !	673
1	kim , shelley and the entire was team are great ! ! ! from the minute i walked in to just get ideas , to ordering invitations , purchasing accessories and our tux rentals , everything was perfect ! even when we ran into slight snags with the tux sizes , they were quick to accommodate us and get the right size within a 24 hr turnaround . thank you was for making my wedding planning experience so pleasant and fun ! no bridezilla moments here !	1298
0	the worse place to rent from if you put a deposit on a property please do n't expect to get it back they will make up things & charge ridiculously expensive prices for small things to charge up your bill ... pathetic ! sonia is rude & advised me to go to court if i want to . also received a 24 day notice ( not 30 ) to vacate via email because they think the owner want to sale the home now ! ! !	1578
0	if the other chicken is anything like the tenders , then you 're pretty much getting breaded meat without seasoning . mac n cheese is n't anything special either .	862
0	$ 6+ for a regular size bubble with tapioca ? what a rip-off . the one redeeming quality about the milk tea was that you could actually taste the tea . however , their tapioca pearls were a little overlooked . they also would n't allow me to substitute the red bean in their green tea latte drink with tapioca pearl , what gives ? ? given most people come here for desserts like shaved ice , i would skip on the bubble tea and head to one of the plethora of bubble tea shops in markham to satisfy your craving .	176
1	went in for an oil change . the staff was very professional . they gave me a full run down on the condition of my car . while i waited they had fresh coffee and donuts . i bought a few filters and two tires . no nonsense auto shop . i would definitely recommend these guys .	2146
0	excited to have them in the neighbourhood.. but i doubt it will be a place i will frequent . it 's laid out nice , and super high tech refrigerated cabinets . when i checked out , the cashier messed up my transaction . she swore and said sh ! t ! @ $ & * ) ( # $ . ummm ... not too professional . i should have informed someone , as i was with my 2 year old son .	3271
0	update to my prior review : i have a groupon to receive a pedicure and they refused to accept it because i 've been there before . that 's beyond ridiculous . seems as if they are more interested in acquiring new customers and do n't care about retaining business from current customers - seems backwards to me . either way , they have officially lost me as a customer and i will not recommend them as a place to go .	744
0	if you 're experienced in buying homes then this is the company for you . if not , stay far away . minimal communication and empathy towards their customers . the only time they communicate is when they need info from you , otherwise good luck with knowing the status of your loan or any information that you may need .	968
1	pediatrics is realy good fast and doctor hernandez is awesome did my son x-ray and check up all in the same place	2503
0	ehh . i can see why this place has a low rating . the servers seemed depressed and so did the food . the mixed drinks were awful . we had the oysters and were asked if we wanted west coast or east coast . not too descriptive , but went with it . we ordered west coast and they did not taste like any west coast oysters i have ever had . wo n't be a next time for this place . so many places to try ! ! !	630
0	they get 2 stars for actually delivering the flowers . looks nothing like what i ordered lol .	3792
1	now that they 've been open for a while and i 've been back many more times , it 's time to update this review . newcomers in the pittsburgh ramen scene make zen not as great as it used to seem in comparison . now , zen 's ramen noodles are good , but what really stands out is their chicken katsu curry . the curry sauce is thick and spicy , and the chicken is tender and crisp .	812
0	i 'm a hudson resident . this place is never open . also , way over priced . great marketing skills to sell duncan hines cupcakes with `` gourmet '' frosting .	2335
0	this place does mediocre nails but their scheduling is horrible ! ! this is my second time having them mess everything up with scheduling and it 's the worst because you need an appointment to get in . when you make an appointment and come in on time , they do n't greet you at the door and still make you wait . i made an online appointment earlier today with the normal girl i like and then they randomly sent me an email saying that someone else would be doing my nails ! no call or anything . and since it 's so hard to get in , now i have to wait one more day .	1429
0	i do n't recommend this place at all ! this is her oldest daughter writing this review . they suck honestly . they did mine , my sisters , and friends nails for a mani/pedi and the lady that did my nails was rushing , i could tell . they left streak marks on all our nails . i have to say they did good for our pedicures but not manicures..	527
1	great small venue ! ( barely fit my 120 guests but everyone loved it ! ) had my wedding 1/7 and it went very smoothly ! family run business so they work well together and are very laid back . low stress and easy wedding ! offer totally inclusive through venue only , we did a mix of the two and it went perfectly . they set up and clean up ! most other venues do n't so that was a huge stress off us .	238
1	cindy is the best technician there ! ! her manicures are out of this world and my husband had a pedicure today and was so impressed . she is always on time . she is very conscientious , takes pride in the work and is very modest . she dose my manicures , pedicures and waxes my eyebrows . i will never go anywhere else as long as she is there . i 'm scheduling a pedicure for my son this week . thanks cindy for your great service ! !	2372
1	the best value for your dollar . free vacuums and a great monthly program . if they had 2 people to apply the prewash i would give them a 5 star .	2093
0	wanted to follow up on the response received . yes , i understand you are full-service , which `` also includes helping with the aftercare and follow-up on surgical procedures '' . i obviously did n't make clear why i was upset about the bill . the office visit was for a checkup on how i was healing and she barely glanced at it . the most time spent at that appointment was to sell me on follow-up procedures .	2430
0	was n't feeling it here ... energy was low , the layout of awful , parking was terrible ! did n't have basic machine set up ex cables , lat pull downs and cables cross overs ! plus unorganized dumbbells ! ! smh	2338
1	working in a medical office , its sometimes difficult to find that perfect outfit to wear everyday . just kidding . this store is great ! scrubs , shoes , stethescopes , you name it , they got it . i love how the staff is super friendly and i can be in and out in 15 min or less ! the 10 % off is awesome too , just do n't forget your student badge or hospital badge .	1920
1	they have treated me great ! ! especially alex ! i bought bamboo , then changed my mind because of customer ratings , i have 3 dogs & teenage boys . maybe wood in my retirement tiny house ! ! i then purchased 2 boxes of wood tile to try out the colors and brought one back even . finally decided on the pecan walnut ! alex was so patient explaining all too me , always with his million dollar smile !	2763
0	nooooo ) : i came here last night and i am 80 % disappointed . the bubbletea is very average ( as usual ) but i guess i expected a higher quality since so many new places have opened up around them ( i recommend coco 's across the street ) . however , it seems they have not upped their game and does not care about being competitive . they 're actually really slow with their drinks as i die of thirst . i got their shaved ice and it was 1151616500 % bland . if i closed my eyes it would be like eating snow outside as a child . no thanks ) :	176
1	good place for decent sushi . the hot food is also pretty decent and they have some odd things that you do n't always see in a buffet ( frog legs and octopus ) . it was nice to try those things . it is expensive , but i have always had good service , never had to wait , and it is a nice clean place .	165
0	this was hands down the worst mani/pedi i have ever had . 2.5 hours - did not know what she was doing . my feet were left rough , my hands were dry , she did not do my cuticles properly , she did not know how to apply gel polish so she put layer after layer - they are dull and ugly . nails are not even and were not shaped properly . absolutely horrible . stay away ! ! ! !	3649
0	eh 16 dollars for an eyebrow wax ? ! no thank you ! too high tech ! i will stick to my koreans who are cheaper and do better jobs of services ! ! !	3338
1	i would say a better panera bread . good lemonade , and soup and salad . pricey for sure .	1387
1	i have gone to dr. berelowitz since i was 12 years old ( i am now 28 ! ) . he did move away for a few years , but i was so happy when he came back to town . he cares about his patients and is very thorough . i know the wait-list is long for him , but that jsut shows how amazing he is . i have had a few endocrinologists since i was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes 26 years ago , and he is by far the best endo and doctor i have ever had .	2143
0	i came by this evening for eyebrow threading ; the threading session took about 3 minutes for a basic clean up . verdict : mediocre job and service .	2630
1	great customer services . they have the best wings ever . amazing customer service . everyone is so nice as soon as you walk in . i will be back soon . you wo n't be disappointed .	1397
0	black mold ! ! do not do any business with this company ! i purchased a hutch for my daughter and i had mold on it ! was told i would have a new on in 2 weeks it has been a month and still waiting ! the customer service is non existent they do not fallow thru and say im sorry for this as they blow rainbows and unicorn farts at you ! do not buy from this company ! ! ! !	2071
1	what an outstanding service experience ! last minute emergency and a quick call turned into an instant appointment , first class door service , a loaner and text updates . truly exceptional experience and ideal to do business in 2016 . this store moves at the speed of business ! ask for sean c , he 's the man .	2012
1	we recently bought a house and purchased a washer , dryer , and mattress from spencer 's . we have not had the best of luck with customer service from other companies , but spencer 's has refreshed our belief that customer service is still alive out there . thank you !	3784
1	great family fun entertainment . went here with my brother a few times over a year ago forgot how much fun it was ! there is a special every day super busy location and friendly staff .	2235
0	bought my mom a cake here . walked a mile to pick it up and they would n't give my 6 year old daughter a cup of water . for that crappy of service i do n't even want to try their crappy cake .	18
0	wtf ... shell gas pumps on the system for pre-authorization on credit cards i was putting some gas in my car it was a rental they had to return it exactly with half a tank i put $ 5 then realized i need a little bit more then i put two more dollars now i have two $ 90 on hold on my credit card luckily i have enough credit line on the credit card but it 's just the principle i realized our location start using shell gasoline not too long ago hopefully they can fix that s*** or tell the customers was going on ... .. btw this review only reflect the outside pumps by shell	3057
0	wait time in office is ridiculously long . when you call , you 're placed on hold for 10-15 minutes then hung up on . when you call for refills , they `` put in the message '' to the doctor , but it 's never followed up on . when you request refills through your pharmacy , the fax received at the dr 's office goes unacknowledged because their `` assistants are too busy '' . their own words , not mine .	2967
0	stay away from this place . the clientele is not that of which you would like to frequent . they have convicted sex offenders on the run one of which forced himself onto my girlfriend and raped her on side of building and in bathroom ... .on special that they allow to sell drugs from inside there and smoke some weed out on patio . what a disgrace	977
0	very cheap everybody comes here because it was the imperial palace beforehand and it 's the best location for everything but not great rooms in horrible service and i lived in las vegas . there is 1 foreign maid that is nice . find her for your help on cleaning . i stayed here till i left to move to seattle .	2976
1	yay , it finally opened ! i stopped in here today to grab some coffee and donuts , and they were both tasty . i love dunkin donuts , and am glad that they have this location finally open , and its close to my place . great hours , free wifi , and tasty treats anda drinks for all . i believe they have a drive thru here too ! will be back in the future for more coffee , muffins and donuts !	606
0	this place is ridiculous . you know how you press the button to get formula . we press it so many times and asked few employees but nobody is coming . we waited like 15 minutes just to see the person who is supposed to open it and bring in the counter . just the system is so bad .	3066
1	our car sales guy , ryan , is 100 % the best car sales man i have ever met . i usually hate dealing with sales men to be honest , but this has been the most pleasant experience ! he treated me like an actual human being and not like a dollar sign walking through the door ! thank you ryan ! ! ! ! ! kia sands , hold on to him as long as you can !	624
1	this place is a nice little casino with plenty of slots , sportsbook , bowling , and restaurant . the staff is friendly and is always very clean .	3581
0	seems like a big local hangout on weekdays . bartender seemed put out by serving a late night patron even though she had a dozen friends in the place . small bar and $ 6.50 pint . meh . downtown prices .	1037
0	i have to say that we were not impressed . my husband 's dish ( which was supposed to be vegetarian , came with chicken ) was flavorless . vegetables were all right , fairly fresh . i ordered the lemon chicken and it was over-cooked ( so it was that stringy but tough fried chicken ) and the broccoli seemed like it fell off of the truck and then was over-cooked . the lo mein was all right as a side dish . sorry - but we wo n't be going back to this place .	474
1	higher ground is arguably calgary 's best coffee shop . this place has a unique spirit that is hard to create . good for working , studying or meeting with a friend . packed with students and university types . hip . not boring . extensive menu with a few interesting and unexpected options . can be busy and parking is not easy to find .	2163
0	they have a terrible website ! you can not book a ride . there is no app ! wth ! ! ! i think they are out of business .	1232
1	food is 5 star best mexican in the city short rib tacos are so good u wud contemplate smacking a nun for a second visit lol one of the premier stops in toronto for mexican food hands down also very fairly priced	1305
1	was looking for these cute iced cookies for my engagement party and came across this bakery ! i am beyond happy ! came out way above my expectations ! ! i even tried one before wrapping them up and the cookies taste like heaven ! ( p.s- they offer to wrap them for you for an extra charge ... it 's cheaper if you just go to michael 's and do it yourself )	981
0	worst place i have ever dealt with . came in car shopping because i wanted a nissan rogue asked the salesman if there was any negotiation room on the price and the response i got was `` what is my car not worth that ? '' my husband wanted to trade his truck in and they came back first saying they would n't give anything for his trade which is insane then they came back and said 500 which is insulting i could sell the vehicle my self for more then that ! if this is how buying a car is here i 'd hate to see how their service is !	2756
0	school is fine . just be ready for an hour minimum wait if dealing with financial aid . worst ever .	2787
1	the only reason this gets a 4 star is because of breakfast . sleeping accommodations were great . the bathroom/shower was fantastic . comfort inn breakfast has really gone down hill not only at this location but others that i have stayed at as well . improve breakfast and you get a 5 star from me every time .	3387
1	seriously the best massage ! james is great ! definitely recommend this place . especially after a night of drinking in vegas lol	3079
1	dan came out and gave us a quote and we scheduled an appointment which we needed to reschedule . everything was done easily . we rescheduled and dan and his team did a great job removing a vintage spa which had to be cut and carried out through the condo and then they did a great job of cleaning up the leftover mess.very much appreciated the professionalism and service . thanks dan !	3663
0	meh . stopped in for a quick lunch . decent food ( really good tortillas , actually ) , and decent overpriced margaritas . the star rating is more reflective of the painfully slow service . the server seemed a bit lost ; maybe she was new ? she did n't seem to think that a pen was necessary when bringing back my receipt to sign , and was nowhere to be found after dropping off the check ... thankfully the lady at the next table had one . one and done .	882
0	bait and switch ripoff . wo n't honor their estimates . go elsewhere . took my car there to fix the dent they gave me 1200 estimate . when i left the call me back saying that it will be 500 more because they did n't see something . bad place to go i would n't recommend it to anybody .	1819
1	this place has an awesome venue and friendly staff , a must go to for any concert ! my favorite venue in az , nothing but good things to say about this place .	17
0	not a well built hotel . that is the main problem . lots of sound from above room . staff tried to help but they did n't build the structure . the room air conditioner blasts and turns half the room into a meat locket while the other half gets relatively comfortable . or , when off the room is stuffy and uncomfortable . cordless phone did not work . not charged ? lobby is cramped and uninviting . food is not much better than at a holiday inn express . and needless to say this is more expensive and they charge for breakfast . not impressed by this line of properties based on this experience .	3522
1	using iphone app siri , when we pulled up the restaurant , it showed 5 stars , one review . when i went to review myself , all if the sudden , 3 reviews , 3 stars . seems pretty good though . very pleased with jalapeño poppers . the amigo2 was slot spicier than the poppers . not bad , just not expected . sweet endings was also pretty & pretty tastey . : )	408
0	i 'm sad to say i had a bad experience here . my kitten ended up with a nasty infection and an abscess on her abdomen . her incision was fully sealed , so an open wound was n't the problem . she has now been through another surgery and will have a drain for a few days .	2864
1	it was a 30 minute wait to get in but we did go on a saturday so that is understandable . we went as a big group and we were taken care of quickly . we all got the correct food that we ordered ( even with special instructions ) . the server was very nice and friendly . we did not have to ask for any refills . i ordered the mushroom swiss burger with fries and it was delicious ! the burger was nice and moist and the fries were some of the best i 've ever had . the restaurant was clean and even though it was very busy , it still had a great atmosphere to it . will definitely go again !	534
0	the flowers are nice but expect rude customer service . the guy who always answers the phone is incredibly snotty . you ca n't kill this guy with kindness , as i 've tried . i doubt he 's the owner , because it would be a horrible idea to represent your company so poorly . i 've always ordered flowers from here , but i 'm just going to find another florist . it 's not worth the trouble anymore -- i hate calling this guy . if you 're the owner reading this -- please talk to your rude employee or replace him with someone who is decent towards customers . decent is all i ask for .	2585
1	best pizza i 've ever had . everything on the menu is great -- i just wish it was easier to choose . the only downfall is price . they do n't have the cheap pizza discounts others may have , so when we choose pizza , roman candle loses based on price alone .	218
0	if i could give zero stars i would . i had my bumper repaired here and they did a terrible job ! when i went to request that they fix and or rectify the terrible job that was done since the paint is chipping and pealing , brie tells me that they wo n't fix anything with a terrible attitude . do not have your car fixed here ! ! ! please see pictures below :	2537
0	my gel nails have lasted less than a day before starting to peel off on two fingers , and i have not been picking at them whatsoever .	2197
1	my favorite way to treat myself . the big burrito 's are the best thing ever , and i love their on the house salsa and chips . the atmosphere is always fun . enjoyable visit every time .	1558
1	they give a great treatment of acupressure and massage . i would highly recommend . note they prefer cash .	2158
1	i 'd say this is my favourite grocery store in the area . the produce is always fresh , there 's lots of international foods , and let 's face it - you could probably spend an entire afternoon shopping here . you can rack up a pretty large bill , though if you are n't shopping for what 's on sale and are tempted by a lot of the pre-packaged convenience foods they offer . there are a lot of awesome things along these lines , but when you realize just how much you are paying for pre-crushed oreos as a sundae topping ( pc brand i am talking to you ) it is kind of ridiculous .	1665
0	so many great reviews yet we went for mother 's day and my food was horrible . we started out with mob onion rings . quantity was awesome but the actual onion batter tasteless . i got the talipia with lump crab and was nothing special . i did get the loaded bake potato and that was the best part of the meal . i also ordered a side of crab cake that was plated on some kind of crema . yuk ... . overall.. not impressed at all .	1147
0	this place makes you blow dry your own hair after a hair colour . they also will botch your haircolour . staff is more interested in chatting with each other and just leave clients in their chairs with wet hair .	1813
0	vegas is not really vegan friendly , so i was happy to read this place had vegan cheese option . unfortunately they `` were out '' . i opted for a margherita , no cheese with broccolini and roasted peppers . the dough and sauce were tasteless , the broccolini were boiled , with no oil or spices . `` best neapolitan pizza in us '' ? do n't think so ! if you want vegan , try the indian place down the street !	282
1	these donuts are fabulous ! they are a little pricey but i promise even the biggest appetite ca n't eat many of these- they are more of a treat than a breakfast item . they are huge and incredibly sweet ! we like to pick a few and cut them up and share . i recommend the jesus the blueberry but we have had quite a few different flavors with no complaints . again , we like to divvy them up into bite sized pieces to try more than one . would recommend this place to anyone who shares an unhealthy love for this deep fried deliciousness .	2053
1	needs better food in this place tho we skipped dinner and they do n't have anything in here downstairs is closed	3728
0	went and looked on the internet for the best tuna melt sandwich , and they said lenny 's burger shop . boy oh boy ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! that tuna melt sandwich was the worst sandwich i have ever had . i should sue google ! ! ! ! ! subway is 10 times better . i will never go there again ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	1461
1	this wallgreens is a perfect neighborhood drug store . the staff are always helpful and really friendly . they are very speedy when filling prescriptions and they are easy to approach about questions about you r prescription ! they carry everything from health items to snacks and holiday stuff !	1207
0	i buy these bagels for my employees a lot and this location is convenient for me to go to . if i had another option i would , the customer service is terrible . i have not had one good experience here .	477
0	lukewarm soup , small portion of pasta with no flavour . not impressed at all , many more great italian restaurants in woodbridge . very disappointed .	1386
0	walked store 8 minutes with no greeting , associate all hanging out talking . dirty with a bargain hut style environment . some quality items but they buy items and penny prices .	3494
1	ol bandito was dirty ! first time ever using a mobile groomer and was lucky enough to get katie out the same day ! bandit has never looked better and we did n't have to wrestle with him to get him the car . worth every penny . call katie and she will take care of your loved one .	1218
0	beware ! the staff is not very friendly once you sign your lease , and forget about getting anything fixed . i am not talking about just a mninor thing like a window treatment ( that took 9 weeks to fix ) but the larger items such as leaks they just ignore and do not correct . trust me i am a current tenant and they refuse to fix my apartment that floods everytime it rains !	3852
0	i bought bean sprouts from here . first off , they have these in the back and the owners themselves select and bag them to order . i came home and the entire bag was heavy and soaked in mildew . the bean sprouts were bad . they charge by the weight . im disgusted that they sold me bad bean sprouts and charge me more bc bad bean sprouts weigh heavier . health department please visit this location asap !	2965
1	excellent service ! tri and lou were very friendly , even suggested an alternate color and where to go for the best deals on shows ! just remember to bring cash ; )	2686
0	delicious food , but very poor customer service . each time i go i wait over 25 mins for takeout ( even when they 're not busy ) and whenever i check in on my order it 's always `` oh they dropped the ticket they 'll make it right now '' . manager was very dismissive when i was expressing my repeated concerns , and unfortunately i 'm unwilling to return .	912
0	i was burned from the laser hair removal and it was not pretty . i was told it was not burns , i went to my doctor and was given prescription ointment to treat it . so disappointed especially since i took a $ 2k loan with 35 % interest rate for this treatment .	582
1	this is , without a doubt , the best chiropractic experience you can get ... dr. watson did a comprehensive examination , like doctors used to do in the 'good old ' days . warm and personal , yet always professional , she thoroughly explained everything as she went ... as others have noted , she deserves way more than 5 stars ... the treatment itself was phenomenal , top-of-the-line . i actually felt guilty about paying so little for such a tremendous and professional chiropractic experience . i signed up for the monthly plan ... $ 49 a month for four visits a month ! ( that 's like $ 12.25 a visit ) can not recommend it high enough ...	2011
0	i used to love target until target optical came along . their in-house optometrist is a rip-off and only gives you a year for a prescription . since i do not have insurance , this expense is way too high . in my 30 years or so , never has an eye doctor been so strict ( i was three days over my script date ) and determined to not help a disabled person .	583
1	good sales . never any issues . 2 min from our house makes it convenient . we usually stop in for a quick browse and end up leaving with something . they always have really good quality of sales in the middle which we take advantage of each time .	2687
0	the foot spa gave us bad service so the owner chen wrote to us inviting us to this place . no engrish spoken here . upscale from `` foot massage '' for $ 20 to body for $ 30 . same thing as `` foot massage '' . we wanted private rooms and two girls sure sure wait wait ok ok ok but after 10 minutes waiting , , , , no no no the lady waved us away ... . curtains separate the `` rooms '' . i like to pay extra and get privacy without hearing all the people grunting moaning and chattering ... very disappointed	735
0	normally a very good restaurant . stopped by to order food to go . the person at the bar was also taking orders over the phone . when i asked her a question about a combination plate she told me in a rude manner that they did n't make combination plates . the wait for a to go order was 20 minutes . i left and went to a friendlier chinese restaurant two blocks away .	1490
0	customer service non existant . i returned an item and never got a refund as promised . it took almost 2 months and unending emails and calls for them to issue it . they kept saying it `` was on the way '' but it never arrived . i had similar issues to tg who left review here , and i too would never , ever do business with them again . worst experience i have ever had with a department store .	2910
0	i was scheduled for a surgery on july 15 , i was 10 minutes late and the doctor would n't see me . ive had a torn meniscus for a year and then he just says reschedule . terrible	2176
1	also tried the reuben . it was very good ! $ 11 with salad and was made from scratch . delicately grilled and a great sauce !	1035
0	i 've been to this location twice now and i 'm convinced that they are the slowest jersey mikes in the country . i understand that when you 're a new location the employees will be a little slower but this is ridiculous . these guys need some major training . how hard is it to make a sandwich ? for the love of god it should n't take 20 mins to get a damn sub ! that being said i do still like their sandwiches .	1289
1	we came for my friends bachelorette party ! we came in not knowing what to expect and had a great time ! the teacher was fun . at the beginning i thought we were going to be shy and just play with it but the teacher really encourages you to get in to it and you do end up getting some good tips ! lap dance and pole dancing !	3629
0	fish tacos barely had fish , all veggies on cold flout flour tortillas . the chimichurri steak was leather at best w a twice baked potato tasting a little freezer burned . although our server was nice and service was quick , when i said the steak was super chewy ( sirloin ) she said well that 's a cheaper cut of meat ... ..i was like yea , i know but for $ 25 ... ... i buy the same cut at the grocery store and can prepare better than that ! not so much ... .waste of $	951
1	these other reviewers are high maintenance and nuts . this place is great - yes sometimes at peak hours you have to wait . big deal . i have been going here for a while and always get great service and fantastic mani pedis . the owner tony is great - here is the thing , he is fun - if you do n't have a sense of humor maybe you might not get him .	786
0	thanks `` management '' for replying to this matter 4 months later . i 'm already with another car wash , you might have heard of them , jackson 's car wash , they actually know a thing or two about customer service .	2939
1	pedro did a fine job ‍ & kept his appt . on time clean cut perfect fade ! my son was pleased .	3469
1	i have been going to several dr 's to find out what 's wrong with me . none of them are listening . nicholas snyder pa is listening . he is doing the testing that should have already been done . he is thorough and did n't just blow me off . i took my daughter to md now last year . i like how they do things but nick was especially awesome though . as an er nurse i have trouble trusting . not in this case . i 'm actually comfortable .	609
1	cheap and easy . sometimes you question how it 's so damn cheap . also it has a very diverse menu selection .	2718
1	very friendly and personable staff . i was impressed with their timeliness and efficiency during my exam . their selection on frames was very appealing , especially knowing there is a section that is discounted . i was very pleased with my experience and how kind the staff was to me and my son . they also worked with my budget and helped me find the best financial route to go with . i 'll definitely be planning future visits !	2277
0	well they are open ... and they do n't answer the phone . says a lot about a business if they ca n't answer the phone during working hours . it 's also a monday at 1:20pm so it 's not crazy busy . probably someone slacking off . i called multiple times throughout the day . no call backs no nothing .	1630
1	the selection is n't huge here but there 's enough to keep me coming back ! the sales are usually pretty good and the service has always been decent . every now and then the manager shows up at the register and things speed up and he 's very helpful and pleasant , but no one has ever offered me help while shopping or been easy to find when i have needed help .	2617
0	we recently took the class for a bachelorette party . we had 16 people and were promised and paid for a private class . that did n't happen . they stuffed two other parties in with us.no one really had enough time on the pole . if you were on the perimeter you had no room to move , because the people who were waiting there turn , were in your way . the instructor was good , not much fun , the drinks , t-shirt and picture were cute . but as mother of the bride i feel they misrepresented the package .	3629
0	took my car in to get an oil change and car wash . i was informed that they would take the coupon , but they did n't because i was already getting a discount because i had the fuel injection service done as well . now i get to take my car because the check engine light came on and the car wo n't accelerate . it was working fine before then . i will not be bringing my car back .	988
0	ray gives a good cut and seems like a nice guy . however , you absolutely better have a lot of time on your hands because the waits i have experienced seem like forever . i mean women who get cut , color , etc can spend that type of time on their hair but i get a simple fade every other week . as another reviewer notes , raise the prices , take appointments and maybe add one more chair/barber .	2591
0	i went there for a hair cut . hair wash and stylist was great , but it was very hard to communicate with them since they all spoke chinese and not so good english . the stylist did n't quite understand me while the outcome was not bad . the website said $ 50 for senior stylist but they charged me $ 60 + tax . cash only , so i wonder why they charge tax ? ? including tip , i ended up paying $ 80 just for simple trimming .	3610
1	this is the second time i have visited this location the first time was amazing ! an employee named katrina seemed as if she was leaving for the day and say that the line was backing up she immediately jumped behind the counter to assist her co workers . she was awesome the second time i came the line was backed up and a young kid came from behind the counter and started to take order on paper ! ! wow that 's service 5 stars and the coffee was awesome ! !	579
1	tip : peak time is weekend afternoon lol is bigger . 10 bucks is a great deal at peak times . no adult ( s ) fees either which lol charges the 2nd adult for . socks required . can also buy a pair there as well so they have you covered .	1631
1	the best food i want to the a lot of the buffet restaurant this is the best place to eat and great service	135
1	issac is the best ! ! very helpful if you need car keys this is the place will do business again scott	3095
0	i 've been there 3 times for different events . very poor beer selection , if you are not into ipa you are screwed . upstairs there are but too much room to sit , and if you are not sitting they wo n't give you any food , not even appetizers . worst part , i ordered a burger with french fries and was told they do n't carry french fries , crazy ! i think i gave legion too many opportunities already , specially with all the brewery options you have in charlotte .	2608
0	avoid it if at all possible . dr. cummings gave me the most poorly thought out , ridiculous diagnosis in about 5 minutes which ended up being very easy to prove incorrect later on . the pt was actually decent and somewhat helpful but i later realized you only see them once for the most part , then they dish you off to the assistants , who do n't really know much of anything about your specific issue and were not even there at the consultation . it 's always the same story w/ these types of shops , they treat you like a commodity . wish i had never called them .	2755
1	we had given up almost all hope before finally going to this store regarding an iphone that was n't pretty but was working fine just the day before it just cut out . within a few minutes the nice man behind the counter wrote up a receipt for $ 45 and had a preliminary diagnosis of a battery issue that should be resolved with replacement . as promised , an hour later the phone was ready and as good as it was before it stopped working . i 'd recommend this place for anybody ! they actually try to fix your phone and the costs are reasonable .	3817
0	portions will leave you crawling back to mc donald 's and send you to dairy queen after . for how unfilling the rations are the soup in a bread bowl is the best thing i 've had or seen in a chain like this	251
0	was excited to try this `` hand-pulled noodles '' place . on yelp it says they 're open `` monday-friday 10:30am to 10:30pm '' ..well i got there at 9:10pm and they 're closed already . wow what the fuck ? also there 's no official website to know what their real closing time is ! no phone number can be found anywhere as well . will not be coming back . thanks for nothing .	790
1	i can not begin to describe the amazing and professional service you can get at this place . i myself have been a customer of nicole beauty & wigs for the last two years and am so impressed with their service and business integrity . they offer a wide array of high-end hair treatment products at competitive prices , human and synthetic hair extensions and wigs . their products are of high quality and natural-looking that no one can tell they are extensions or even wigs . i recommend this store to any woman seeking to look younger and more beautiful . business owner dany , his family and staff will give you their undivided attention , honest advice and make you feel at home .	2826
1	love kristine , megan , and nick ! they know our `` usual '' and always make time to come by and say hi . not just say hi , though . they ask how our week was , what 's new ... they take a general interest in us which is refreshing to experience from the normal bar atmosphere . it 's dog friendly so be sure to bring your four-legged friend !	704
1	i 've always had a pleasant experience here ! staff is very friendly , interactive and quick on the job ! whether there 's a lineup or not , they 'll still deliver excellent service and ensure that you 're taken care of . keep up the good work ! : )	2438
1	delicious breakfast , served quickly with very friendly and conscientious service . i ordered the avocado toast and had no regrets- it was excellent . nice atmosphere and located in the yorkdale mall . nice choice for any time of day- they serve breakfast , lunch and dinner . made our visit from out of town pleasant .	534
0	we stayed at la quinta because we had a family member in hospital it was a very important visit i had to bring dogs but we were constantly getting phone calls about my one dog barking which was only when he heard maids i heard dogs howling and barking i never complained we were locked out of room . we paid a lot for room that week and we explained our situation i understand but we were all paying customers . besides when we stayed last october i got all bit up by bed bugs so we will not be staying at that la quinta and if you have the attitude feelings mutual that 's fine	1244
0	really bad customer service ! they are really rude and do not have any friendly matter most of them are rude and only care that you tip them forcefully ! they ask you infront of everyone and their gel changes color they do not have good service i do n't recommend it here !	655
1	i 'm updating my first comment , the customer service i received from averie after my first review , was absolutely amazing . she apologized for the confusion and made every effort to make everything right . i 'll go as far to say , they will have my business and respect . thank you again for everything ! p.s these are some awesome cookies , everyone must try !	1522
1	best walgreens in town . very nice staff and always willing to help . pharmacy staff is awesome and is always willing to help . i know it 's stressful for them so i wait for my pain killers because it 's not there fault i 'm in pain and i wo n't take it out on them . front of the store has great customer service when they have enough employees . they always seem understaffed for how busy the store is . see 1 or 2 employees who will bend over backwards to help . always respectful . top notch .	758
0	totally disappointed here , people . server forgot to input my order and the place was n't even busy . i ended up getting the wrong order after a lengthy 40-minute wait . so the manager gives me a $ 2 coupon for my next visit . it 's still sitting in my car . not too generous on the pours ... and the malibu pineapple was too watery . definitely a downer in my book : (	1074
0	after many years of coming here , i have cancelled all future appointments and am looking for a new primary care facility . my doctor , paul b , is an amazing person and am excellent doctor ... but the practice itself has degraded in service . it 's a minimum of a 20 to 30 minute wait for any service ... i left today after waiting over 40 minutes just to have lab work done . if you have time to wait every time you go , this may be the place for you , if your time is important to you , look elsewhere !	3349
1	take your snotty faces to scottsdale , this is metro phoenix ...	2141
0	horrible and un professional experience with this company . if you read the negative reviews below that are very detailed , it mirrors my experience here completely . hugely unprofessional service and they continue to not deliver on their own contracted responsibilities . not recommended .	3485
0	gone down hill fast . produce always sucks . prices are way high . some of the prepared foodsate okay . meat prices are ridiculous .	715
1	inspire courts is one of the best facilities on the west coast ! they host some of the best events in multiple sports and provide a great environment for the youth to train , develop , and have a great athletic experience . the basketball community has been very fortunate to have inspire courts and the people who run it . inspire courts has helped improve the basketball culture in arizona in a variety of ways and continues to do so .	3837
0	the class was fine , nothing special , standard spin class without fancy add-one . i appreciated that it was dark so i only concentrated on the riding . i may have gone back but the woman at the reception desk was unbelievably rude . she insulted me more than once and was mad when i did n't want to buy a $ 80 package instead of the $ 5 first ride . i do n't care if there is a great deal , if i do n't like the class i will not return . too bad they never had the chance thanks to the woman who obviously thought i was below her .	3477
0	do not shop here with your bank card if you bank with : chase , wells fargo or b of a . they charge your account twice and it takes over 3 days for the funds to return to your account . when i called them they explained to me that it is the banks fault and it does this all the time . this is a business that should address this type of issue immediately . i am appalled at their level of competence regarding how a persons finances are put into subjection like that . what if i did n't have the extra $ 800 available in my account ? ! i will not return .	2716
0	terrible terrible service . will never buy there or recommend them . they do n't acknowledge when you walk through the door , they do n't ask of you need any help , ignore you and walk right past you when you ask a question . i would give 0 stars but that 's not an option	1353
1	this location has the best prices and the best service . i rent from them on a regular basis and the staff is always accommodating .	2862
0	wow . this is rare . the service , food and drink was so bad i had to write about it . coffee tasted like flavored water . muffin was rubbery . service was horrendous . i paid 7 dollars and you 're not giving me a free cup of water ? jeez .	683
0	worst casino i have ever had the displeasure of stepping foot in . extremely rude and curt staff . classless and low brow clientele . very filthy and unkept place all together . i understand its not the bellagio , but clean something every once in a while , please . would never ever even consider stepping foot in this toilet of a casino ever again .	3378
1	i 'm in sherman oaks , california . for months the service from ontrac was beyond bad -- wherever or whatever that is . but in the last year there 's a new ontrac delivery man on my street and he 's the greatest . time was i was planning on complaining to amazon about their use of ontrac . no more . i could n't be happier with the service of this gentleman .	556
0	this place is the worst nail place i have ever been too . they advertise one price and then charge you $ 3 to trim your nails $ 5 dollars for certain colors of polish . if you say no to any upgrades they clearly talk about you the entire time and make you feel uncomfortable as can be . one girl came in and got her nails done the day before and one popped off like a cheap press on nail and they wanted to charge her $ 5 another customer was paying and was complaining about an over charge all in my single visit . horrible . go across the street to professor nails were they treat you right .	655
0	very unhappy with the service they provided , my son went to this facility for about 3/4 years and they never called him by his correct name ever . the last straw for us was an emergency visit to their other location on the other side of town to have us wait hours and all they did was try to send me home with a very large bill ( as usual ) and a prescription which could have been given or called in over the phone rather then waste my time and gas going to the other side of town ... .they heard kids in like cattle not really paying any attention to anything but the bill they give you ! !	2626
0	got bagels and coffee to go this morning and was very disappointed . for a breakfast place their coffee is awful and they do n't even have real half and half out or the right cups for iced coffee . they also do not have stevia or raw sugar.. they need to get an update on this bandwagon . i 'll give it to them that their bagels are fresh but our bagel sandwich was half heartily put together . it was dry and they did not get either orders right i asked for a jalapeño bagel and got plain and i asked for pepper jack cheese and got cheddar.. needless to say i will find a different place to get bagels and coffee .	325
0	compared to all the birthday cakes we saw online this was a 1/5 and it looks terrible . when we wanted to add a `` happy birthday '' flag , we did n't except that small of a design ... you can barely see it with that big flower . we wanted a happy birthday flag across the cake like those online and am disappointed .	18
1	good place for school books . good return policy also . no receipt required or you to keep track of a whole semester , just bring back for cash back ! the difference from campus prices is not a major difference but every dollar helps !	336
0	awful experience , do n't come here ! waste of time and money ! rude employee named marisa or maritsa ... . we were fine with paying for drinks but would n't take off a disgusting cheese soup . if you enjoy good quality mexican food . go to mangos just down the road from here or even go to taco bell they are even more authentic than this place . never again	882
0	i do n't blame the people here , i blame the administration of the va itself . if you 're not a veteran , then nothing in this review will really matter to you . if you are a veteran , you already know . while i have injuries , they are relatively minor . i truly feel for the men and women who require constant care and have nowhere else to get it than from the va .	2936
0	went in around 12 or 1 on a saturday and ordered 2 coffees . the coffee was old and burnt , like it had been setting in a pot on the burner since the store opened . and it was way over priced . definitely wo n't go back . pretty sad for a `` coffee '' store .	1332
0	terrible ! ! these guys screw gamers over . im very disappointed in them ! i bought a controller an hour ago , ended up getting home , finding my other one and did n't need the one i bought , so i went back to return the controller , keep in mind i still have the receipt , they said that they could n't take it ! what a joke of a company ! !	2319
0	you should have management and your people learn more about the specifics of the smoking law in nevada and thew differences between serving food at an establishment and patrons who have their own food . this place kicked us out because of ignorance as we were snacking and drinking here .	2494
1	great professional friendly service . lots of current styles to choose from , and i was able to get an eye exam on the same day . 5 out of 5 stars ! thanks owl !	1682
0	brand new 8,00 miles on a 2011 honda cry , bought in hawaii , drove from long beach to nephews in las vegas-no problems.since my 260.00+ so called oil change things are goings wrong fast , ex . dashboard lights go out , today oil change from 50 2 weeks ago to 20 % today.per john-guys forgot to rebut control panel -i have to check owners manuel . customers-it is better to take your car to the dealership , pay the big $ , but save on headaches and idiots this this place	2123
0	paid $ 14 for the gold car wash and it horrible ! half done job ! water marks all over my windows and all over my car ! never going again . he took the tip right out of my hand before i even saw my car ! ! ! ! ! !	3878
1	had a reservation at this place . has a good atmosphere , good furniture , good people and great service . we ordered two main courses which are absolutely fantastic , drinks are well kept up ... especially when i asked them to make the vesper martini from the james bond movie and it was all good everything lol . biggest thing was they looked at my special request here on yelp when i made a reservation and came through with it ! 5 stars all the way : )	1331
0	i had a meeting for an estimate on june 1 . chris came to give the estimate , and was very knowledgeable . he said that he was a little busy and would get back to us after the weekend with an estimate . it is now june 29 and i have not heard anything back .	3541
1	airport , therefore i understand food import can get expensive and affects the pricing and quality of the food . i had a salmon sandwich and my husband had a steak burger , both of which were delicious af . however , the main reason i wanted to write this review is our server heather , was so gracious and understanding towards my food allergies.. and had honest and professional conversations with myself and those around me.. was such a breath of fresh air . she is truly an asset . in addition , the playlist is . literally dancing 80 % of the time . we will definitley be back .	369
0	stopped at this ross to return shoes i bought because it was convenient . i was told because i had worn them , they would n't accept them ! i wore them once . i had the receipt . it took me demanding to see the manager not just have them speak to the cashier over the headset for them to take them back ! i have never been told anywhere i could n't retyrn an item with a receipt . ... worn or washed or falling apart ! i would normally have shopped for something else . ... ..not in that store . never again . the only reason they get one star is because i did get my money back .	764
0	i normally would n't visit a garden in november , but it was open and i 've enjoyed visiting in the past . unfortunately , many major areas were completely closed , including the entire japanese pavilion . maintenance staff were everywhere , often driving vehicles around and operating loud machinery . very few flowers were on display . and yet , i was charged the full price of a ticket . frankly , they have no business charging admission during this time of the year . after buying my tickets , i was dismayed to see that no one was actually at the gate to check tickets ; people were just walking in for free . i felt severely ripped off .	183
1	incredibly interesting menu items ! their pear bread they use for the grilled cheese it really good , and their salads are also well balanced and delicious . generous portion sizes . service was a bit slow , but i 'm not knocking points because i think they were a bit short-staffed that night and because our waitress was incredibly accommodating : she even had a salad remade for me when i forgot to ask for some things left off . really trendy and cute location , outdoor seating area is nice , shaded , and has misters .	1458
1	the food is amazing ... ca n't go wrong with anything . ribs , pasta , steak all the sides ! wine , thumbs up . my favorite bartender is n't there anymore i really miss him , justin was great ; knowledgeable and friendly .	1147
1	another breakfast option finally ! we have slim pickings around here for breakfast . great for late breakfast . i 'm a huge fan of breakfast all day so it suits me . busy in the mornings on the weekends and still adjusting to the busyness . they will get it and be great . sometimes the food can take a while if busy but they are still learning the area and when to staff .	672
0	the ice cream is okay , nothing special , or worth the money . if you can look past the sub par customer service maybe you can enjoy ice cream with your family . the store is just a bunch of teenagers , smacking their gum in front of customers and carrying on their personal conversations on the line ignoring everyone else . i 've worked at cold stone and my coworkers and i never provided such poor customer service . they really know how to make you feel unwelcome	3537
1	im not the biggest bubble tea fan , but this place did wonders for me . i do n't have a strong sweet tooth either , but being able to adjust the sugar and ice levels definitely was a nice touch ! i tried the match green tea ( milk tea ) with small tapioca and it was my delicious ! ! the service was great too , kind staff and quickly served . it was my first time trying coco and will not be my last !	766
0	was great before the renovation , now it 's all hype and pure salt . unfortunate .	1109
0	1st and only time here . ordered house chicken lunch special . egg drop soup that came with it was way too thick . house fried rice that also came with it was too bland . chicken was n't too bad . not impressed enough to go back .	1264
0	it stinks that gamestop is trying to become a glorified pawn shop . it shows in the quality of their preowned items . i purchased two controllers thinking gamestop would obviously be testing things out before trying to sell them , sent them to my nephew and when he opened them , two of the buttons literally would n't even work . as in they were completely stiff like someone superglued them . the fact that they did n't bother even pushing each button before trying to resell them is so sad . do yourselves a favor and just shop online .	3530
0	scheduled an appointment , and took my car to get `` serviced '' yesterday afternoon . the next morning out of curiosity i check the oil , and it still looks dirty . out of all times i 've ever changed oil , fresh oil is clear ... . i looked at the oil filter and it looks the same one with a coat of dirt covering it . a new filter would look nice and clean ... . is it wrong for me to assume it did n't get changed ? my first experience getting a car from a dealer was at this location and i do n't know if i 'll be back .	307
1	memorial day weekend.. i ca n't thank dr , shucmacher , his head nurse and staff for saving my life ... i had an allergic reaction and they immediately went into action when i arrived and i ca n't thank them enough ... it just so happened ( with follow up ) that i have a growth on my tongue that swells when i have an allergic reaction causing me to not be able to swallow and difficulty speaking and breathing ... the whole staff was amazing , caring and truly interested in what they could do to help me ... they were an amazing staff and i ca n't thank them enough ... .thank you from the bottom of my heart ! holly hernandez/pahrump nv	2517
1	this is one of my favorite restaurants.its got delicious grilled cheese for the kids.the encore , symphony , and the dali are simply amazing.plus let 's not forget that it comes with the best chocolate chip cookie you will probably ever taste.this is a great family restaurant.do n't forget the ice tea .	326
1	i am still stuffing my mouth with all that delicious food here . everything is fresh tasty fast and filling . the wait staff are very pleasant . they have 2 locations in las vegas . i strongly recommend jun 's	435
1	i keep searching for a lesbian bar and i 've have n't had much luck until my friend mentioned this place and i fell in love lol so many women come here and the atmosphere makes you want to keep coming back . friendly staff , great music , decent size dance floor , it 's really hard to not like this place . plus there was no cover charge !	2860
0	we did a walk in . been here several times before with ok service . it seems to have been bought out by another company and now it 's the worst place ever . it 's been 3 hours now and still 2 people ahead of us . funny how the number started at two , then 4 , then 1 and now back to 2 . really ? ? ? ?	2618
1	they have really good sandwiches and they 're so fresh ! ! ! i work around unlv and this place can fill you up for the whole day ... its really inexpensive as well which is a total plus for me hahaha .	673
0	i 'm moving back from out of state and had to switch my license back . waited for an hour in the middle of a weekday only for the guy to be a complete jerk and call me names . do n't use this one .	2408
0	rude on the phone . delivery guy got to hotel so they called me down . i get downstairs and the guy is gone . call the restaurant get hung up on . call back . get transferred and he comes the delivery guy . he wandering around the downstairs hallway . pizza was a 1 out of 10 . sauce had no flavor . crust was chewy . i ate 3 pieces . 2 pieces had bone chunks from the ham in them . ham pieces were huge . size of a quarter and about 3/8 inch thick . would never order from here again .	987
1	otherwise known as the `` dino park '' , this park is awesome ! ! the park has a big playground , a big water feature , a big sand box with dinosaur bones , dino formations , a little kids playground , plenty of picnic tables , and best of all : it 's all fenced in ! ! just outside of the fence , you 'll find a big pond with plenty of wildlife and a waterfall , a big grassy area , and restrooms .	367
0	a bearded guy at the mobile spot was useless when i asked him questions . he had no idea of anything when i asked him about sim cards . best buy needs to hire more professional employees .	494
0	be very careful when having your prescriptions filled at this location and always double-check your prescriptions . i found the wrong medication mixed in with my pills . and the explanation ... . '' we do n't know how that happened '' ... '' mistakes happen '' . i will never get a prescription filled at shoppers drug mart again .	2534
0	really poor customer service . worst customer service , in fact . had a layover and passed this on my way to my gate . i grabbed a premade salad , it was n't bad but it was n't good either .	447
1	fingers , fries , wings , pizza ? you name it they have it . we have them deliver pizza weekly to the office . inexpensive enough to feed the whole office without sacrificing taste .	1399
0	went there to get 2 more sheets of glass mosaic tiles ( got all our flooring from them ) .they quoted me $ 75 for the 2 sheets.checked somewhere else and got them for $ 16.it pays to shop around ! ! ! ! they will not ever get my business again .	1403
0	i brought my car in on mon . and didnt get my car back for 3 weeks and there communication , customer service were lacking to say the least .replaced part that did not need to be replaced cost me $ 325.oo . and it broke down on the way home .dont take your car there . i feel cheated and any input i had to say was ignored `` maybe `` because i am female .i give them a half star .	1360
0	i was going here over 7 months already and last week and for the past few other weeks they 've been bs ' n . making me wait . letting others that just arrived go b4 me . wrong readings and at first all the other times i would just walk in and then sent to the back and done in about 1 hr tops . i do n't recommend u go here . the people r friendly but now it 's like . oh he has a purple folder so make him wait . going somewhere else . lose my number	1753
1	love the food but i 've been here twice and both times they 've forgotten something ! the first time it was potato salad and this time it was pickle . very nice and courteous staff though .	477
1	i just have to say that i 'm in love with this place ! it 's a family owned business and they are super friendly ! as soon as i walked in , everyone made me feel welcomed and they were very knowledgeable about there products . chloe did a great job on my hair and everyone was so helpful ! they have a huge selection of products . i will never go any where else for hair supplies ! ! ! i live 15-20 minutes away and do n't mind taking the trip there because they make me feel wonderful when i leave and they are a true representation of phenomenal customer service ! : )	2826
1	i was having a tremendous customer service problem with a purchase that i made from pacific sales inside the best buy store . i had spent endless hours on the phone with them . i finally decided to go into the store and try to handle it in person . the manager of the best buy on marks street in henderson , nevada was just terrific . his name is travis and in 10 minutes he accomplishd what i could not do in literally hours on the phone . i went from a totally frustrated and dissatisfied customer to one that was really impressed by the service i received from travis , the manager .	494
0	there have always been several reasons for me to not like savoy -- outrageous drink prices , absurdly snobby wait staff ( umm -- this is n't paris , garçon ) , and a menu that is not at all vegetarian-friendly . but i 've kept going back for the one thing they do right -- live jazz on monday nights . tonight was a total deal-breaker though -- a pittsburgh cop frisking everyone on the way in ! nice way to start your night -- being made to feel like a criminal before entering the club . i 'll find live jazz somewhere else from now on .	714
0	mediocre at best . standard manicure was $ 15 , if i remember correctly , the place itself is not pretty , color selection is okay . the reason i came here is it was the closest nail salon when i looked on yelp . my nails were kind of crooked and i got absolutely no hand massage . i would n't come here again .	3649
0	refused to accept national meineke coupon for a free oil change . if you want to be cheap , run a mom & pop shop , not a ( formerly ) respectable national chain .	1086
1	texas roadhouse seems to have it down when it comes to consistency . we ate here tonight with another couple and had the usual sirloin steak , mushrooms , sweet potato , and delicious rolls . the service was friendly and timely . they do the birthday celebrations on the saddle and the big texas `` yee-haw '' . i find it better than the annoying songs some places half-heartedly sing . as a friend put it , `` this place offers a high quality steak at denny 's prices '' ( thanks , george ) .	560
0	this place is the worst ! omg . we ordered a thin crust pie and it came out soggy . it was impossible to even hold it up with one hand . the sauce is watery and overall the whole thing was just really disappointing . if you 're in town and craving pizza this is not the spot . hop on the monorail and get off at harrahs/the linq station . theres a pizza spot in the promenade that would be well worth the trek .	282
0	when you first enter , they greet you with a japanese greeting and get you seated very quickly while you wait they have like a bookshelf that you can pick magazines from and read . which is good . servers were polite . those are the only reasons they get a 2 stars i did n't really appreciate the taste of our orders . blend taste‍ portions were small . and price feels not worthy of it for the taste and portion . wo n't visit there again . make your own judgement yourself that was only my experience .	344
1	the food here is so good . i 'm pretty sure it 's cooked in pig fat so that explains why . i like the casual environment but it is modern . it feels like a traditional pub but with a younger crowd . i love the free popcorn the spice on it is soooooo tasty .	480
0	mehhhh . i wish it was better . : ( the waffles were tough . the boba tasted like it was a a powder mix . the service was great though . everyone seemed so friendly .	580
1	i i found that ultimate autos save me from being taken by another auto repair company . when i turn my car over to them and they gave me a quote one quarter of what the other guy quoted me , they did an excellent job and guarantee the job . this was unbelievable . they save me from being scammed by another dealership .	3528
0	once again i got burned by this location . i always say i 'm not going back but somehow end up there . today put me over the top . the parking lot is hands down the worst in the city of cleveland . i almost got hit 3 times by other drivers . the store is still dirty and it took 22 minutes to check out behind a woman using wic . they need to have separate cashier who only deals with this form of payment . never again .	3216
0	i have to say it was ok ... .but prices could be better ... they advertise about friends do n't let friends eat five dollar pizzas ... i have to say for the price of their pizzas i would go to the five dollar place ... the staff was great ... loved them	375
1	i love this place and i 'm very picky when it comes to thai food and the staff is always nice ! plus they deliver and i live on the strip !	1361
1	new menchies location offering everything you would expect from the chain : plenty of flavors , almost too many toppings , and a brightly colored interior . one of the drawbacks is limited seating ( even outside ) , so coming with a large group might not be the best idea . otherwise , this is a great place to stop for your frozen yogurt fix .	738
0	man what can we say about this place ? karen and i went there of course due to seeing it from travel channel and we were both excited but left so disgusted and very disappointed . the lard on the burger buns ? wow that 's just nasty and do n't get me started on the smell of that . pretty cool place to visit and take photos though but dont eat there if you do n't have to .	75
0	if you have all day to wait this is the place to go ! ! always there to make you wait as long as possible . most reliable wait times . never fast always slow guaranteed . so come on down and hang out at discount tire . you just do n't know by the end of the day you just might get what you came in for if not you can always come back the next day and hang some more they do n't care	1004
0	it is what you would expect from any themed place called `` heart attack grill '' . mirrors on the bottom part of the bar so you can see up the skimpy outfits the `` nurses '' wear at the bar . van in the drive through section is painted to look like an ambulance . hamburgers are named after cardiac events . the food was bad , greasy unlimited fries and a giant hamburger that tasted as if they mixed in filler of some kind we had never experienced before . if you plan on going , enjoy the experience cause the food will not be something you would head back for again .	75
0	i 've been to both the aveda school and paul mitchell . i think from now on i 'll stick with aveda . student i had literally was trembling the whole time cutting my hair . i understand wanting to do a good job , but was she ready to cut hair ? and when her instructor told her how to do the cut , and showed her ... she still did it a different way . and i still had to go home and cut one side , because it was longer . i just think maybe they need more instruction . sorry paul mitchell ... .. gon na give my biz to aveda from now on . : (	354
0	straight up disappointed . went to get some matcha water and got over charged and they did n't even make it right . every other place i 've been to for a match water made it with at least three scoops of matcha just for a tall and only costed no more than $ 2 at max . i ended up getting a grande with a single scoop of matcha at the price of $ 3.25 ( the label said ice tea ) it tasted like straight up water .	3641
1	i really enjoyed this restaurant it 's my first time in montreal and in canada in general and my sister took me to this restaurant for lunch today . excellent food and great service ! !	1280
0	i went to this office for several years but finally had it with the extreme wait times to see the doctor . no problem with dr.hamburg 's care . when i complained to the office manager , she was extremely rude ! ! because of her anti-patient attitude , i will not be back . i was able to tell this to dr. hamburg and i hope it will change the office managers lack of skill in dealing with patients . i also told the doctor that his care for my situation was good , as are all doctors and that the office staff is what makes , or breaks , their success .	1942
0	i kinda made me sick but that was just the original i think that some would be very good , i would give it a second chance	3813
1	hi this great quality furniture , i buy my living room set 3 years ago and still the same , beautiful . ; )	439
1	came here for lunch on a beautiful saturday . we were happy to find we could be seated right away . our server was pleasant and attentive . the food was excellent . i had the salad l'americana ( greens , egg , chicken , tomato , cuc , bacon , onions and cheese ) and my husband had the daily special which was a mix of mushrooms , sausage , peppers , tomato sauce and potato medallions -- both are highly recommended . we will definitely return ! !	728
0	the worst baristas and the worst customer service . i go in an order 2 large brew coffees . i pay and then 30 seconds later a barista tells me that it will take 5 minutes to get me the 2 large coffees . 10 minutes later they hand me 2 large coffees that are only half full ! ! ! when i ask them to fill them up to the top properly , they tell me they are all out of brewed coffee and ca n't fill them up . ridiculous . plus they hire staff who do n't speak english . so half the time when i order , the barista does n't understand what i 'm asking for . not ok .	1092
1	so glad i found this place on charleston shit part of town but no this car wash super good	2093
1	jeff 's creativity , passion , and fun brings a smile on your face instantly . i brought two 13 year old aspiring performing artists and they were inspired by jeff 's stories , talent , and humor . this show is great for all ages , everyone leaves with something . i would bring more people to see this .	726
1	love this place ! ! ! fun to party with your friends or bring the kids . best of both worlds . foods good too !	1483
0	why ? why ? why do y'all do this to me ? ? ? thanks for the lousy birthday present . i 'd have rather gotten a long john silver 's gift card . could you have had more turnovers ? could you have at least just held on to the ball ? did the fact that i watched the game at a damon 's bring hexes upon your franchise ? should i have stayed home ? blah . yeah , yeah , better luck next year . grrr .	3306
0	wow , for a $ 6 half sandwich you do n't get much . two very thin avocado slices and minimal shredded chicken . i got the 2 for deal , not much of a deal . the potato soup was lacking in flavor . i wo n't be back to this place .	1259
0	horrible customer service , i purchased a 200 dollar software called dragon nuance for mac , the employee whether new or old when i purchased it opened the product and was informed by another employee that was against protocol . after realizing that it was n't the software i needed i attempted to bring it back and was refused since it was already opened and it had been over a week despite the fact it was within the -5 day window and had n't been activated . very disappointed and will not be shopping at best buy at all going forward .	3192
1	excellent service ! went in to get my screen fixed . only took 30 minutes and my screen is better than ever ! highly recommend !	2918
1	this is all about elina ( i hope i got your name right ) at the self service checkouts . she saw that all i had were two large , awkward items and she checked me out herself so i would n't have to lift them for scanning . honestly , i do n't come to walmart for customer service , and i was having a rotten day ; so thank you for the pleasant surprise and helping to turn my day around .	3825
1	i buy all of my computer and electronic needs at this best buy . every time i go in i find the service always responsive to my needs . the staff is personable , professional , and knowledgeable . i would highly recommend this store . i just bought a computer notebook , keyboard and phone system .	494
0	we come here sometimes , but today i am really unhappy with their coffee . we told them sugar-free black and white mocha , and it tastes very sweet to me , because i do n't like any sweet flavor in my coffee , i went to ask their staff , they said they added splenda in there . something may cause cancer when it get hot and really hard to get out of your body .	3520
0	bus load , after bus load , after bus load of kids with few adults to manage them . holy cow , what a disaster . throwing balls , running kids , and no adults from the schools nor enough science museum staff to manage it all . this was quite an annoying experience , and hard to enjoy the exhibits . they really need to get this under control .	3891
0	took in a dress yesterday and explained that the zipper pull had broken off and i needed a new one . the gentleman at the counter said they 'd have to replace the whole zipper at $ 20.00 . `` but the zipper 's fine -- it 's just the pull that 's broken . can you just put on a new one ? '' `` no . '' oh . okay . best be on my way , then .	3032
0	ok this food may have been a little `` too '' authentic for me . i may have imbibed a bit much the night before but hey it 's vegas . i wanted a nice vietnamese combo plate to soak up the night 's alcohol . i could n't even explain what came on the plate - greasy sausage of some sort , a bit of greasy short rib and some other seafood something . the spring rolls were mostly iceberg lettuce ( super weird ) and not appealing . this was a bitter disappointment	673
1	this target is always clean , well stocked and rarely busy . typically there are 2-3 cashiers during slow times and 4-5 during busy . there is a starbucks and target cafe , i appreciate the option for refreshments .	3259
1	faced the dreaded new swimsuit challenge but got such good service at the bay that it actually was a pleasant experience ! while short staffed at times , when i got someone , their help was professional and patient . just wish there were more of them !	2979
1	reasonably priced . got a gel spa pedicure . had an older gentleman do it and was a little worried at first but he did a good job . would def go back when i 'm in vegas .	2915
0	our group of 11 arrived for our dinner reservation at 5:50 pm and did n't receive our modest dinners of grilled chicken and veal burgers until 7:16 pm by which we were famished and almost through the three bottles of wine ordered . the wait was not deserving of the mandatory 18 % service charge that was automatically levied . the food was mediocre and the service ok but not outstanding . i will not go here again .	1079
0	horrible customer service . they failed to take off an item that was out of stock on their website . a day after i placed the order , they emailed me saying that my item was out of stock . i asked them for a refund immediately which they failed to do so and started ignoring all my calls and emails . this forced me to call my cc company to dispute the charge . horrible and rude customer service , would never ever buy from them again !	978
0	i went to the office for a consultation on a sleep appliance . 10 months later i received a bill for $ 200 . i called the office and they said that is their consultation fee . i was never told their would be a consultation fee or i would never have gone to their office as other dentists do n't charge for a consult . would not recommend anyone go to this office . horrible customer service .	3240
0	been a few times to watch the smaller non known bands starting out , a few suggestions for the owner , get a bartender that can move and not take 5 minutes per customer , hire a power wash company to remove the smell of vomit from your parking lot , lastly , when you promise to pay the smaller bands to perform , pay them and dont stiff them at closing , seen this 3 times already .	316
1	i have n't had any experiences of waiting too long . i have had a great experience with the np neerja seethi . what i look for is someone who will listen , is able to look up from computer charting , responds with appropriate labs or imaging or explanation of why waiting is warranted . i 'm an rn so i try to narrow down what i have before i go in and want the courtesy of explanations . she does this and more !	1562
0	always had a good experience . but do n't call me 5 min before my appointment and already on my way to inform me that they did n't see me ask for my regular tech inna . then proceed to tell me that they now only accept calls to request for inna . okay i understand but do n't call me right before my appt to let me know . not my problem . no one to fix the problem either . then have the receptionist pass then phone and not even tell me she was doing so . been coming here for almost 2 years and same tech yet ca n't be accommodating .	1875
0	the overall service is n't bad , the tune ups twice a year are worth it , but the service men act like sales people : always trying to sell ( push , really ) the next thing like uv lamps , air duct sealing , etc . they make you feel like you 're going to make your family sick if you do n't buy their product . it 's malarkey !	2730
1	bagels , bialys , black & white cookies and challah bread ! so many bagel options . i have never stayed an ate breakfast but this place seems popular from breakfast/brunch on the weekends .	325
1	i 'm so happy we got this store by us ! we 'd drive 10 to 15 minutes just to get something from the grocery store . mountains edge needed this badly . the salad bar hands down is such good quality reminds me of a whole foods salad bar without the whole foods prices ! love this place !	1904
1	... excellent course , price is very good , love the lay out and the par 3s ... .will definitely come back often and bring friends ...	85
1	a great place to take family and friends . kid friendly . would be great for a date night , bachelor party or corporate function . great facility , great food and wonderful service .	1483
0	out of business . this place is closed note on the door says locked by landlord . its too bad because it was a unique experience .	2051
0	i was here last weekend and i was very disappointed . the staff was n't very friendly . and someone finally greeted me after i already looked around the whole store . i went in to look at their betta selection and i could n't believe my eyes ! all the bettas were in dirty water and there was even a dead one ! i attached some pictures of how filthy their water was . it looked like they had n't cleaned their cups in weeks . i was so upset i had to get outta there . dont sell bettas if you arent going to properly take care if them .	1078
1	i 've been seeing dr. chisholm for about 8 months now , and he 's been helping us find options for our infertility . he 's been great about explaining test results and providing options for us to consider . if my day ever comes and i am able to conceive , dr. chisholm will be my first choice to help me through my pregnancy and delivery .	2643
1	this gem of a restaurant and bar has one of the best happy hours you can find in the valley . the wine is well priced the happy hour menu offers a nice variety.love their shrimp and their scores skewers .pizzas are good also . dinner is great my husband had the lasagna and i had the salad with salmon on it as a main entrée we were very happy with our selections atmosphere is good service is good i highly recommend this restaurant	368
1	friendly service and great food . on thursday , the special was 2 mini burgers & fries for $ 4 . it was a complete meal and mmmmmm so good . we had soup and drinks and still only spent less than $ 30 .	1724
0	unfortunately , i was not impressed with the coffee or the service . it was late at night , like 9:30 , and when i walked in i did n't get a `` hello '' or anything ! when i finally decided on something after looking for at least 5 minutes ( never been and had no help with recommendations ) , the barista was short and rude !	3520
1	had a street taco and elote ( mexican corn on the cob ) today and my friend had the green chile cant say anything bad the food was spot on the service was with a smile and timely . we have food truck thursday here at our work and i hope they come back thank you for the great experience	2937
0	not even worth one star ! wasted money last nite on special $ 1 tacos . my dog could n't even eat them	322
1	this safeway has improved over the years and i enjoy shopping here more . the french bread is better than other supermarkets in the area in my opinion . i like the app with the `` your way '' specials . i also like they have better customer service with mostly staffed check out lanes . i 'm not a fan of self checkout at supermarkets .	3938
1	hi . we were there last week and the employees there were very patient and kind with us as my 2 kids kept changing their minds about their drinks and food : ) the cashier , david was very professional and patient as well ! ! ! ! thank you for your services !	216
1	i have been going here for over a year and overall the place is very clean . the staff is friendly and the cardio theater is great .	3446
0	terrible food and service . down grade from bar food . restaurant would not serve my wife an alcoholic beverage who is 30 and had 5 forms of id because they said her license was not her . waitress had to come back three times for order and on top of this was a hair in my salad . beware all and go to mcdonald 's instead .	1193
1	trekked it out to oakville to finally experience a drive in movie . looked everything over online and found out i could bring my dog so of course it was only expected . apparently you ca n't bring drinks or food inside ... we all are entitled to making mistakes ... i actually took that seriously . ( take note for next time ) the diner was only open at screen # 1 of 3 . it 's a fun experience that i do n't mind visiting more . better than watching inside a theater .	1634
0	what a waste of time . took an hour of my day when told they needed 15 min to write an estimate . i do not recommend bringing your car here . i just wanted a quote on the repair , not my insurance company to raise my rates for a repair less than 100 dollars . they wanted to do paint , and replacement of things that were completely unnecessary . unsatisfied ...	1819
1	we 've come back multiple times just for the service alone ! love the wing night . always get a good portion of flavourful wings . ca n't beat the drink specials . clean establishment . clean bathrooms ( which you would n't expect , but they surprised me ! ) love stavros !	698
1	the staff today get a 5 star for their service . there was some complications in the kitchen with our order which delayed our food and timing of all the entrees arriving at the same time . the waiter and manager personally apologized and then comped our children 's meals . i felt like they truly wanted to make sure we still had a great visit and would not hinder our return . well done and noted ! our family 's visit today was great and the ice cream at the end was delicious !	218
1	why am i ( a male heterosexual ) writing a review for this craft store ? well , how else am i going to decorate my man cave with my famous sf giants newspapers ? they did a kick ass job of mounting and framing them . they will also frame jerseys , baseballs , etc .	2060
0	the `` 5:00 somewhere bar '' was terrific . my friends and i have been coming here from the midwest for years and staying at the flamingo because of the location and the 5:00 bar . we were very disappointed at the change to the `` bird bar '' . fortunately , the bartenders have stayed on so far , which is why i gave it 2 stars . if they leave , so will we . and one more thing , we come in the fall for football , and in march for the ncaa basketball tournament . why they removed some of the tvs is a mystery , and will hopefully be rectified .	637
0	the worst nail place i have ever been in las vegas nv . i waited 30 minutes and then i get in the chair to wait another 40 minutes . it was about 8 workers and no one said anything else to me . like i 'm sorry for the wait or anything . i was suppose to get my eyes wax but with they way they handle me i just got my feet done and left . ( couldnt get out of their fast enough ) unprofessional people i will never go back .	2892
0	this was probably the worst car wash i have ever been to . went thru the machine and when i came out the other end the panel to my gas tank had been ripped off . they did not seem to care much . told me that they had seen this before from there drying machine and that my panel must have been missing clips . even if that had not happened it was a pretty shitting wishing job . i paid $ 22 for the super . car still had many dirty spots on it when done . finally insult . the was to include wash of rubber mats but of course that was not done either .	3061
0	i have had 2 cars serviced at this location for the past 5 years and over that time the overall customer service and mechanical service has consistently declined to the point where i will never go back . even though this location is the closest to my home i would rather drive well out of my way to go somewhere else than have to deal with the condescending technicians , the shoty workmanship , and constant delays caused by lousy mechanics and lack of personnel . avoid this location at all cost .	2263
1	i have had nhw for over 5 years and they have been a gift ! gloria has gone out of her way to provide the best service possible . yvette as well . they heard my concern in my voice and i felt cared for and that is hard to find these days . i am truly grateful !	3653
0	the first clue was that we were the only ones in there for lunch . for 13.50 ( thank god we had a groupon ) the enchildas suizas was probably worth about 4.00. and on top of that , they left off the onions and cilantro that was on the menu to make it sound yummy . 13.50 and still hungry . maybe this place is jumping at night . the pieces of steak in the salad was very good though ... .oh , by the way that was 10.50 , for 4.00 worth of meat ...	190
1	dropped my car off to be shampooed inside and detailed . i have a toddler and my car was filthy . they did a fantastic job . car looks like new . i know this place has a lot of bad reviews but glad i brought my car in regardless . only complaint is was a little pricey .	3899
0	a dog escaped and none of the staff were aware.the dog ended up across the street . thank goodness for the people that found him and decided to check if the dog came from their hospital . i do n't feel comfortable boarding my dog there in the future . their prices are affordable the front desk staff is great ... . just that small hiccup .	3030
1	a really quant bakery in downtown champaign that does cupcakes very well . the red velvet cupcakes with cream cheese frosting really are special . i came here for my 20th birthday because all i wanted was a great red velvet cupcake and they did not disappoint .	3749
1	i like the paul mitchell school and can recommend it . good short-hair cut twice . great color and highlighting . level i students . it may be hit or miss but the price is right . it 's only hair . it grows back !	354
1	forget about all the reviews prior to september ! the gym has been remodeled . it was already great but now it is fantastic ! i highly recommend it . plus , i think the new owners took charge of the gym within the last year , and boy did they do a good job ! wow . go see for yourself . i bet you will love it !	3912
0	they did change the seats , but the gas-leak-stench is still there . there is a zero tolerance policy for people with disabilities , as demonstrated by security and the managers . i do not recommend this cinema for anyone , disability or not .	611
0	do n't rent from these people . we have had a water heater go out and it took them 8 days to get it fixed . we have currently a fridge out and we have 9 days with them saying we will get it fixed soon . they have not called us one time to give us information we have had to call them each and every time . when our lease is up we will need to rent again but not from this company . march can not come soon enough . they are the worst company in terms of customer service . my recommendation is to run from this company as fast as you can .	32
1	the only office supply store that has shipping boxes without their logo . i appreciate that as i need blank boxes to ship my products to customers . who wants to ship something with a giant `` staples '' or `` wal-mart '' logo all over the box . i will continue shopping here for all my supply needs as long as they stock the blank boxes !	1782
1	i always go lake sahara location this restaurant is more cute inside and customer service was great but restroom was not clean . food was just okay i like sahara location better	1361
1	the pharmacy is very slow . i usually fill at the capitol clinic , but stopped by here today because i was nearby . i waited almost 15 minutes for my rx even though there was only one other patient waiting . at capitol , it 's usually a minute or two . fill your prescriptions elsewhere . great experiences with clinicians . dr. tock ( derm ) is very helpful and dr. barnes ( optometry ) is fantastic . may be weird , but i have fun going to my eye appointments . she 's great .	2985
0	we bought a living social deal from them . their service was not the best , lack of communication , and they never notify me of anything that may need attention . a pool man always left a blank note , except for his name . people from the front office does n't know what they are doing . you could feel it from them that they are careless about their business .	3479
1	this was oddly fun and exciting . a little challenging to get started , but very addictive once the clues kept coming . the staff helping us out was absolutely amazing and nice . i would definitely recommend to others . will definitely be back to try another room !	1165
1	i 'm in town for a baseball tournament , it 's over 100 outside , and i broke my sunglasses ... these people fixed me up in no time ! great service , and the selection of frames is great . thank you ! !	3767
1	the restaurant with the food truck theme was very good . the overall establishment was very clean and all the arcade games worked . the staff was attentive and polite . it was a great experience . one particular instance stands out . we were going to the go carts and we had one family with one adult and two kids . all three of them are going to sit it out because they did n't want to keep one kid out . however , one of the employees really stepped up and went with one of the kids . this was unexpected and really above and beyond . we will be back .	3707
1	had a bite to eat , with the bootcamp breakfast club team , on the patio this afternoon , after the x-warrior competition at the saddledome . courteous staff , wide selection of beer , great selection of food and outstanding service during a very busy time of day . our meals were all delivered at the same time . salads were fresh , meats were well done , the fries and potato fritters were delicious . the only critique were the clive burgers . the patties were dry and tasteless .	630
0	i used to shop there , was always treated like an idiot , talked down to , the customer service is garbage . their prices are so high it 's unbelievable , and there 's a reason why people call it the home of the one dollar wire fire ! ! ! worst audio shop i 've ever been to , and i 'm a professional of 15+ years . do n't do business here you will regret it .	2427
0	ok heres the deal . the customer service was good for the most part . problem is the screens they use to replace iphones are not an `` iphone '' screen , they are a knockoff . it leads to a couple issues but the most troubling is if you were polarized glasses the screen is impossible to see . the other problem was the sensitivity of the screen . it was always causing me problems . i went back several times to try and fix the issue but when i left nothing had changed . maybe you will have better luck .	3817
1	our new thunderbird pool has been operational for almost a month and we could not be happier ! they made the whole process nearly seamless from the dig to the pebble sheen finish . we are very happy with our investment . their team delivers- superior customer service and pride in delivering a quality product . highly recommend thunderbird pools and spas .	2530
1	i go out of my way to use this business for gas and convenience items - and i do n't even live in the providence neighborhood anymore . that 's how great the people are here .	507
0	the oakland chipolte is in a terrible state . old food and they have rats . do not go .	1418
0	i have gone to dr. santucci since i started middle school . i am into my junior year of college now and had lost my retainer . we met to try and reach a solution for the shifting that occurred . he wanted another $ 4,000 to fix the issue . my family has spent well over $ 15,000 with him . he became very hostile when questioned and was aggressive . for a profession based on patient care , i did not feel cared for and am incredibly dissatisfied with the treatment i received . find another orthodontist .	2877
0	italian sandwich was ok . the filet salad was listed on the menu as medium . served well done . the apps came moments before the entrees which is not much fun . too many guests for one server . food quality is near the price but not quite the price . work on the timing and add staff and you 'll be a better restaurant .	368
0	been shopping here exclusively for 7 years . they recently took out the self checkout and now it 's a nightmare . a quick trip in and out no longer exists . i feel for the understaffed cashiers - the lines are always long and everyone thinks they should go through the express lane . time to give the fry 's across the street another chance . you never realize how good you had it until it 's gone .	2105
0	staff is unprofessional and unorganized . they will send you random bills out of no where several months after your visit . shady practice .	2209
1	my favorite place in champaign . they have cops on the tv saturday nights , just like i used to watch with my dad . cheap beer and lots of locals . love it .	1476
1	they were great ! ! excellent customer service ! i was not promised a time frame because that 's unrealistic ! there are times when a body shop , to no fault of their own due to parts not immediately availble ... ..etc ... .have a car in longer than average . i understand and i get it ! some people just have totally unrealistic expectations ! if you go forward with an open mind and patience , most times everything will turn out fine !	1819
0	usually has the tools and/or things you need , but the service is awful . seems like nobody is willing to help the customer . my recommendation - another lowe 's or home depot	3428
0	i was so disappointed with this place . i ordered a cold noodle dish with pork and spring rolls and then you pour the sauce over it that i 've ordered in many different vietnamese restaurants . the noodles kept sticking together and were way too thick for vietnamese style noodles . my mom ordered seafood noodles which was decent . their chicken wings were tasty . some people in my party ordered malaysian/indonesian style curry which was tasty but a bit oily . i thought the portions were quite large .	331
0	staff at the front desk were friendly , but the facility is old and musty . the pool is closed until spring and the locker rooms were really gross and dirty . i would n't recommend coming here .	3922
1	fun place but the taps could use a good cleaning	2237
0	horrible ! ! ! i went in for a regular brake job and it took them much longer then they said it would and then a week later my car full on stops while i 'm driving and i have to get it towed . turned out that they did n't torque down any bolts ! ! ! you have to torque everything down . stupid and incompetent	2485
1	we were initially disappointed with the service here . new to mccarran rent a car , we did not know that we could go downstairs for the priority service . so we waited upstairs for 25 minutes to learn that . however , our frustration was short lived when we got to liz in the priority area ! she was efficient , personable and very helpful ! ! go liz ! ! !	3129
0	this store provides delivery service which i use since i do n't have a car . no more . their service has become horrible , always late . i do n't have all the time in the world to pay extra for one-hour delivery and nothing ... no call . i call the service and they claim he called when he did n't . never using the service again .	2316
0	just your typical over-priced , weak service sandwich/salad chain . a lot of people behind the counter talking amongst themselves and starting at you blankly when they finally decide to help you . my friend and i met here for a quick bite . she got a large salad and the mac and cheese kids meal . paid over $ 18 . the kids meal did n't even come with a drink , she had to get that separately . not a great experience . next time i 'll go to smashburger or the teriyaki place on the end .	701
1	great place to get your car or truck washed . my car is clean and friendly people . i recommend this car wash to all my friends .	3899
1	thom smith was a dream to work with from start to f8nish . he is professional , patient , and compassionate . he is timely and specific with requests for needed documents and information needed to process the loan expeditiously . i highly recommend working with thom smith at hfg .	2518
0	dan is great . otherwise avoid this place . they overcharge and never file the insurance correctly . do not go here .	1274
1	i love this place . i was introduced here by family as my birthday lunch and that was a treat in itself . have someone take you out and it ends up being somewhere good ? i got the sushi my first visit , and everything was picture perfect . now , i frequent here when i 've got a craving for good food !	961
0	of at least a week and half of getting a fill my nails have turned a yellow/green color . i do n't know if it 's because they use cheap clear coats or what but it 's very ugly and disgusting to look at . never going back	655
0	the first meeting with john the owner went extremely well however , once the deposit was paid everything went downhill ... the cabinets came in wrong ( which we had in writing ) john screamed at me and said he would need to do over ( sorry but not my fault ) . john had to come out multiple times as he was extremely forgetful and not organized in the least bit . on install day they did n't show up at all ! our job was moved about several times due to his disorganization . on our final discussion he cursed profanities non stop . do not do business with this company..not worth the $ 600 savings over the top notch companies .	1667
1	delicious . open 24 hours . horchata on tap ( most places make you pay for refills ) .	857
0	i have been to this place at least 5 times . i always get the fish taco . this time it was too salty and tasted old . i prefer my fish taco grilled . they had it battered . two thumbs down . but the atmosphere was good . i watched my panthers play and had good laughs .	1558
1	two thumbs up ! our group of 3 wanted a good cheap full body massage away from the high roller hotel massages , and we snagged a great deal here . 36 dollar special for 1 hr foot and body ... it was exactly what we needed and we were out of there relaxed and recharged . the masseuses were courteous and did a good job of working our knots out .	735
1	nice sized store . sells maternity clothes . decent service . enjoy coming here !	3449
0	i am laughing after having just left this place . the white spot on my car is left over from me wiping it to see if it was a stain . the only noticeable difference on the inside is the seats look vacuumed . will not be returning .	3899
1	working for veyo is great , i would recommend it . only thing is cancellations are a pain . you often go 15 minutes or more for no pay . now the call centers cancel a lot of them before you go too far , which is good .	1232
0	wish i could give negative stars . everything we ordered was terrible ... and i mean everything . lentil soup , falafel and hummus . the staff all look miserable . when we were looking for our server to ask for the bill , she finally showed up stinking like an ashtray . no wonder she did n't come by to check on us once . the restaurant itself needs a serious clean too . the booth seats are filthy or stained . overall , a very unpleasant experience .	89
1	great park . always nice people around . good fishing .	680
1	stop in here often ! this location is always clean , friendly and has so much in stock . the great additional things are : they have a special milkshake machine that 's great for the kiddos . soft drinks for .89 cents daily ! ! get the circle k membership card for even more savings & special deals . they just finally added the chicken rollers that are really good ! ! they have about 5 different flavors offered here ! plus delicious hot dogs , nacho 's , snacks galore , munchies and so much more ! ! gas prices are fair and they offer the fry 's discounts..	2563
1	very nice , only 24 lanes but i had a great time . the setting gives me a private somewhat isolated feeling to develop my skill set	451
0	we were very happy with cdcs remodel of our pool . the did the decking as well . there were cracks in the new decking , warrantied , and we have been trying to get them back out for months . now , i ca n't seem to get a response out of anyone . too bad ...	659
0	if you are coming for only sushi i would not recommend this place at all ... it tasted old and fish seemed to be precut/minced ... the only reason for the 2 star was there creme burlee was ok . easily in the bottom 5 of the sushi places i have been to	1362
1	i am so impressed that even though there was n't much room to stand when we went to celebrate dingus day , the bartenders were quick and friendly - even when people squirted water at them and thrashed them gently with pussy willows . they are the most professional corner dive bar servers one can imagine . what an experience !	1407
0	s-l-o-w . the food here is really good . it there is just zero sense of urgency . literally every time i 'm here i 'm always waiting on the staff . it does n't matter if they 're busy or slow , you should expect to wait when you 're here .	1365
0	these people are snobs , i took a friend there to try to sell some vintage costume jewelry , and this man took a look at a few item and told her all she had was yardsale junk . very bad customer service	3804
1	love the satay soup base here , free to sub in too ! spring rolls are also good . fast , friendly service .	577
1	the atmosphere is sooooooo beautiful ! great menu with quite a variety , a little pricey , great craft cocktails . i had the chorizo chile relleno with an over easy egg , very delicious . they have a farmers market cocktail that 's made with a green chile vodka - very unique .	1331
0	i was actually surprised at how pleaseant the folks were there . they were very on the ball so to speak as well . however i 'm still not a fan of the place . it is more like a take out service . what can you expect from a unit in a mall though ? there hours are limited to when the town center is open too : (	2438
1	walked in and got greeted immediately by a friendly employee , she directed me to the jump rope i was looking for . they had many selections and great prices .	1050
0	i had come in super pregnant under my insurance for an appointment . i needed some work done that would have to wait till after i had my kid and made an appointment . i came back in and had the work done . after the work was done , they inform me that they no longer accepted my insurance , after , when its too late for me to change my mind and go elsewhere . so wrong to do , esp knowing i just had a baby to support and dental bills are expensive .	2779
0	i purchased a pecan pie for my son . the pies was at best 3 of 10 . the customer service was 2 of 10 .	2637
0	i would n't if i were you . the food is absolutely horrible and expensive . bland , soggy crab puffs , the shrimp tempura had more tempura than shrimp . i 'm not sure it even had a 1/4 of a shrimp . no rice served with the curry . the best part of the meal was thr fortune cookie .	779
0	went in friday the 22nd . two of us went to the bar , threw some money in the machines , not busy at all and literally watched the bartenders walk by us 10 times each before we finally flagged one down , and practically begged them to get us a drink . one kitchen guy actually brought me a chair ( the only person that actually acknowledged us or talked to us ) because the one was missing ) . he 's the only reason this review even gets one star . needless to say after finally getting our first drink after 20 minutes we left and will not be back . please promote within and get rid of these bartenders with zero personality .	1520
0	i went into this shop asking about if they can replace a fuel filter on my chevy malibu . the answer i got from the shop attendant was : `` you will have to replace the entire fuel pump assembly with the total cost of $ 770 . '' lol i 'm very much offended that they tried to con me . i had my fuel filter replaced before for $ 70 but all of a sudden it costs $ 770 ? i 'm never going back to this shop again , i do n't do business with con artists .	2552
0	very disappointing , bought deserts for a dinner party realizing they all with no exception taste 2-3 old , stale crime and dry very dry and old pastry . not doing that again .	1160
1	i can not believe i am doing this review after a miserable marriage with rogers . the staff at this location are tremendous ! very helpful , personable , professional young guy helped me out . great customer service and interpersonal skiĺls . solid place . but i still hate their call centre of hell .	323
0	smells like a mold & ashtray combo , the grave bartender is slow and the mood is boring . i live close and wanted to check the place out when it opened a couple months ago . first & last time here . one thing that was nice were the bathrooms , very nice touch on the blackout bathrooms & also smells better than the bar . if the rest of the bar was that same color and smelled just as good , you would have yourself a fine establishment . would n't take much .	86
1	these guys are the real deal ! everyone was so awesome , from wendy in the office , to our designer brandon , and our installer raffa . brandon customized a shower door for us , the aesthetic is perfect . 2 weeks later raffa installed it ( in like , 45 minutes ! ! ! ) it is a beautiful upgrade that will add considerable value to our home . i will highly recommend crystal clear view glass at every opportunity , and will use them again if i ever need anything glass !	934
0	i ordered several subs for the construction guys building our pool . the subs had very little meat and vegetables . mostly bread and blah . very disappointed because i usually like jimmy johns . they just do n't care about to go/delivery orders at this location . you do n't realize how sucky they are until the driver is gone . last time i order from there .	1340
0	i pick up food orders from here all the time , and every time i ask for something extra light ranch or salsa this place demands that they charge extra . normally i am picking up 6 to 7 item orders . they clearly got their money on a large order but apparently the walls will fall down if they give away a ranch or salsa . places like this are the worse	717
0	ordered a grilled cheese sub , the menu says it comes with tomato and fresh basil . food was delivered and i received a sub with melted american cheese . period . also ordered a cold sub , which was fine . both were supposed to come with chips and a pickle spear , according to the menu , so i ordered one small order of fries . both subs were delivered with fries so we ended up with way more than we wanted , and having spent a few extra bucks on an order of fries that was unnecessary . i wo n't be ordering again .	459
0	my husband and i have to loyal to this place since they opened . now the last two times we have dropped it off for a tire rotation , i go to pick it up and it has n't been done . my time is too important to me to bring my car here again . do n't waste your time .	2262
0	julie kramar saw me , and she was very rude to me . keep away .	1916
1	i was very nervous about how the floors were going to look but they did a beautiful job installing the auburn oak hardwood floors ! the installers moved all the furniture back after they cleaned up and were they very nice to work with also !	2611
1	i have been coming in here for many years now . what is not to love~ ! i think the food is pretty fantastic ! pizza , really good . wings , excellant ! salads are freash and flavorful . like how easy it is to call in an order , pick it up at the window and go . good staff , the decor is a bit old fashion in an 80 ; s way . but , in the grand scheme it means nothing . i like the food here so i will be back many times ! lots of parking in the lot as well .	1482
0	i got a very cranky private message regarding this review , telling me that karma will come for me ... i guess someone did n't like that i complained about the girl that answered nascair 's phone . maybe it was her ? maybe it was her boyfriend ? maybe it was a supervisor ? who knows ? but what i do know is that i 'm glad i thanked her , hung up and called the next hvac company that was recommended to me .	730
1	this review is based on gambling only . specially crap table . las vegas club and plaza are the only hotels downtown that have the fire bet . played craps here , and hit 4 fire bets . best place to play craps specially if your a hot shooter . dancing dealers also . its great to watch dancing dealers and throwing dice blind . did n't play any slot machines .	3630
1	great food for an affordable price . the broth was flavorful and yummy so were the noodles . the food also came so fast although the restaurant was pretty busy .	790
0	we waited 45 minutes for our food to arrive . food quality was well below average and certainly not what i have come to expect from steak n shake . onion rings were lukewarm and soggy ( certainly not hot and crispy ) and steak burgers were just ok ( mostly bun ) . milkshake was good though , and came right away after ordering . server was pleasant , apologetic for the wait , but inattentive .	1068
1	despite is ridiculous name , it is a great club . really good mash up music-ciara meets grandmaster flash meets madonna 's hung up meets britney meets rick springfield 's `` jesse 's girl '' then eurythmics in 5 minutes or less , well done dj vice , well done . decent drinks . this place gives hetero clubs a good name though my sister & i agreed there was n't a good looking guy in the place . so give another star if your hooking up depends on alcohol and good lighting .	3596
1	i love that this location is right off the freeway so it is easy off , easy on . i have to say that i have never been inside . so i can only say that the times that i have been here there has been no line for the atm , they are always in working order and the area is always clean . the turn to get to the atm can be a little strange if you are entering on the rainbow side of the building . you almost have to drive in and then make a u-turn , unless there are no cars in the parking lot .	12
1	where can you go to hear great jazz , drink super cocktails , be served by very special people and listen to great live performers of american jazz ? andy 's wine bar , that 's where . also , there is no cover charge . the menu provides many options fo all .	1261
1	one wireless specially carl my to go guy when i have problem with my iphone reasonable price , courteous and friendly staff . love , love this place . great place for computers and phones fix .	2930
1	i come for asthma care and honestly it has never been under control until i came to this place they really take their time to explain why they do what they recommend because they know it works . the whole staff and providers are so friendly and go above and beyond to relieve your symptoms . if you are looking for a fast and efficient practice i highly recommend this place as they are super busy but know what they are doing when it comes to allergies and asthma .	1964
0	very slow and poor service . waited to get my room for over 3 hours and they keep telling me it will be ready shortly .	1859
1	they are great for families and all ages . specials every night of the week after like 8/9pm to close . always friendly and sometimes super busy . constant upgrading the last couple years . i would recommend then first for the area to go bowling . and the arcade has gotten much better with like 30 games on card swipes .	2235
0	he put me on a med after only seeing me for 5 minutes . then 6 month later i was severely depressed and tried to kill myself . do not see this crook .	3928
0	i like the 90s decor , but ... almost $ 6 for a simple pretzel ( no salt or cheese ) . my husband and i played 4 games and it cost us $ 57 . what the heck , it 's almost a luxe to bowl now ! music sucks too !	2235
0	i was very disappointed . i ordered smoked turkey and it tasted like some packaged lunch meat . the server explained nothing and i had to ask for lettuce and tomato and mayo as the sandwich came dry with just meat and bread . service was so slow . they then charged me extra for the tomato on my turkey sandwich without telling me ! unreal . tomatoes were not fresh at all . i will never come here again .	1380
0	very slow service ( 1:30 ) . ordered appetizer , never came . food order took 30 minutes for 2 sandwiches and chicken fingers . and they were cold when they are supposed to be hot . wo n't be coming here again . if i could give it no stars i would .	534
0	absolutly terrible experience ! ! sloppy job on nails , bad costumer service , and waited for 2 hours . once i finally got seated the nail lady rushed me and then continued to finish a previous clients one nail that broke , which took longer for her to do than my entire set of nails .	1288
1	went to this walmart to pick up some money from money center . the lady at the counter gave my money to someone else , even checked the gals id which did not have my name on it obviously . so , that was low key a disaster , but the manager fixed the error immediately . could have been worst . that experience gets half a star but the manager was pretty cool and chill dude so he gets the four stars .	2913
1	this was my first time getting my nails done . what a great experience ! my friend and daughter and i all wanted something done but had trouble finding a place that stayed open past 7 . we called eva and the nice gentleman said he 'd stay open past closing time to take care of us . great price too , i got a full acrylic gel set plus the mani/pedi for my daughter for the price of just my set at the previous place we checked out . very happy with how everything turned out and we will definitely be back !	1272
0	i would have to say that this is one of the worst hotels ive visited . the room 's bathtub was chipping away and there was cracks in the lighting fixtures , this is not something expected of from a so called 4 star hotel ! the worst part of the experience was the customer service . i hope it had nothing to do with not being able to speak french .	1671
1	the customer service at this store is the best . jimmy knows how to take care of customers . thank you again pep boys henderson !	2960
1	for late night pizza this is perfect ! do n't trust google directions . it 's the first entrance north of fatburger in the same space as el dorado .	543
0	the store is great ! the reason i 'm giving it the stars it deserves is because of the deli and bakery at his location , the customer service from these two is absolutely unacceptable ! i order fried chicken last week and when i went to pick it up it took about 25 minutes just to get asked `` what i needed '' add another 10 minutes just so they can find what i ordered ! they need for employees to work the deli	2220
1	i have purchased games a ps3 and a ps4 pro here and the service was always helpful to find multiplayer games kids can play together .	3530
1	best service . best price . if you 've got teenagers constantly breaking their idevices you need to go there .	3560
0	in the past i spent about $ 500.00 here a month . one day upon entering the store heading toward the produce a `` produce person '' approached me and said '' i like it wet `` . he made no other comments to me or anyone else . this seemed very strange.. whole foods needs to re-instruct their employees to not annoy the customers unless they want to keep losing business .	433
0	this place is awful . the doctor has no time for her patients , spoke to me so fast i could hardly understand her and when i went to clarify what she said she seemed annoyed . i would n't recommend this place at all . i went on to find a much better dermatologist office , and i would not recommend this place , not if you want someone to spend time with you , and thoroughly explain your concerns .	2526
0	sighhh . a year after a disappointing dinner at the restaurant we had finally convinced ourselves that we should give their sicilian style pizza a chance . we ordered a mushroom pie and garlic bread . i wish i could say i loved it and we would order again , but unfortunately not the case . the crust was greasy and dense but most upsetting , had no flavor . the cheese ( as you can see in the picture ) had a more plasticy/chewy texture rather than creamy . the garlic bread was dry and oily . sorry guys . there are too many other places that we need to try before going back , again .	423
1	best shawarma i 've ever had ! ! ! my mouth is watering just thinking about it right now damn it ! amazing super friendly ppl work here too so that 's always a plus .	1206
1	today i took my newly adopted yellow lab in for a standard wash , condition package . cost was less than $ 30 . i 've never taken a pet in for grooming services but lawrence would n't let me wash him myself . he was a stray picked up by the county before i adopted him so i know nothing of his history . he came out happy and looking very good . they definitely met my expectations and i will use them again	3094
0	if you 're a movie theater in a casino , either have a bar inside the theater or allow patrons of the casino to bring in outside drinks . absolutely ridiculous .	2000
1	cheap groceries , decent selection ( unless you 're into seafood ; that 's quite limited , though it did expand a little bit in the last few years ) , clean store . great for budget grocery shopping , especially for items on sale . i tend to buy the bulk of my groceries here , and then supplement with fancier products from farmer 's markets and specialty shops . you do have to bring a quarter to grab the cart , which i often forget , but it does keep the lot neat and tidy and the prices low , so i ca n't complain too much . hey , it 's a no frills !	2276
0	the pharmacy here is constantly a mess . slow service , whether it be inside or in the drive thru . the speaker outside does not operate half the time either . be prepared to wait forever for a prescription to be filled and if you find yourself lucky enough to get it filled , hopefully they bill the correct insurance and not one of your old , expired plans . also attitude and s general unwillingness to show empathy of any kind are job requirements to work here .	1641
0	scheduled manicure and pedicure one day . came in , was seated and was told to wait . waited for over 30 minutes , went back to the front desk , they said they forgot about me . i was nice about it , i guess that happenes ( not at the good places , but still happens ) . at the end was n't even offered a discount ... pretty shitty move .	154
1	have visited many sell my stuff canada sales over the past few years and have always come away with a great new item and a positive experience from dealing with the staff . i have purchased a few vintage and designer handbags from their sales ( for a fraction of what they cost retail ) and am always excited to check out the sales to see what treasures i might find next ! highly recommended .	3564
1	great service : fast friendly and on par . i get that it 's a dunkin ' donuts but it had 1.5 stars unnecessarily . 5 *****	3759
0	went there sunday afternoon at 1245pm ! we were the 3rd order in line . at 13:25 , the owner came to us and asked if we were order # 47 , our order were sitting on the counter for the pass 5 mins ! unbelievable ! the girl who took our order actually looked at the bags several times ! in my opinion , its not a good burger , the patty was super dry , outside of the patty was abit burnt too ! for the price of fresh cook burger i had a much higher expectation !	1337
1	this place is a hidden gem . i 've heard of this place but never really took the time to stop . this place is pretty authentic . the decor is even authentic . the place is small and the tables are close together . i decided to get ramen with the miso broth . it was savory and delicious . it was filling and just plain good ! my husband got the sushi platter and he was pretty pleased with it . he said it was very fresh . overall , this place is good ! please note they do not do any substitutions !	1
1	we bought our new iphones here recently and raedell helped us . he was awesome ! great attitude , friendly , knowledgeable , and took his time . we will definitely continue buying our electronics here . thank you , raedell , keep up the great work ! !	494
1	so cheap . went with my sister and no one was there ! such a perk for homebodies like us . will be back to play !	451
0	charged us twice for one order and said they could n't do anything about it , never paid us back they basically just stole the money from us	1308
0	everytime i come in here it 's the same story , 1 cook , no-one hosting , and you 're waiting 20-40 minutes for your food . the doors always have fingerprints on them and it feels very ghetto .	1504
0	found this place on yelp looking for a cheap taco joint near asu . i was quite disappointed with the food i received . i ordered three carne aside tacos with rice and beans . the rice and beans were tasty but my tacos were nothing special at all . they were n't even served with cilantro or onion ( a taco necessity ) , instead it was sprinkled with some old brown lettuce and diced tomatoes . also each taco came to be three dollars which is pretty expensive for the type and quality of the little tacos . i wo n't be coming back .	562
1	update . i 've tried them again . loved the fries dipped in bbq sauce . i got a grilled chicken sandwich was good , but a little dry . plenty of lettuce , the tomato was fresh . the honey mustard was good . i did n't care much for the milkshakes , but they were ok. for half price during happy hour they are a good deal . i also tried the apple slices with caramel dip - excellent side . the lemonade was great - not too strong , but i think a bit more sugar would be a good idea . i went through the drive through - very quick service . the workers were very nice .	998
0	give a start because there is no negative rate . my employee has been stranded for two hours we requested the tow before 6pm it 's now 7:46pm and they have n't arrive to the location to tow the car . talked to john over the phone . rude , would not even let me talk he kept talking over me saying the guy should arrive to the location any minute now . ridiculous ! ! ! !	2010
0	we thought we recognised some of the pastries from a shop in chinatown that we liked and decided to pick some up . the buns were much greasier than what we had and lacked any flavour . we tossed every single one of them , they were all inedible .	2211
0	they really need to have someone who answers the phones who understands and speaks the english language better . having to repeat myself 3 & 4 times is not cool . i told what i needed .	3282
0	completely terrible steak was inedible . service was not much better . would not recommend ! ! also fries are not frites opening a bag of frozen fries from sysco does n't make frites ... shame on bonfyre ! ! ! ! second try is still a tasteless trip to food hell ! should of found a sizzler .	951
1	tea lattes are always a personal favorite for me at the coffee bean . of course , at this particular location , you 've got to take advantage of the 10 % discount when showing your unlv student id . if i had a more portable laptop , i 'd definitely come here to lounge more often because of the nice atmosphere in here . i wanted to try the pumpkin latte today , but by 11:30am , they had already run out of them . darn ! however , the winter dream tea latte i had instead was great , and it warmed me up instantly , considering it was really cold outside today .	3238
1	cool , they have a free train you can ride that goes through the whole mall ! they have tons of shops and adequate parking . the food court is n't as big as it could be , but it works . the patrons here are a step down from fashion square but a step up from metro center . enjoy .	2815
1	just came back from a rainy day wine tour , we were very hungry and cold , as we walk towards a restaurant that we found at yelp , here comes these big chinese words on the window of restaurant p.m. `` 粉 麵 飯 '' , take one look at the menu and decided to go inside . we were not disappointed . we had three very authentic cantonese dishes and they were delicious .	1016
1	went in to get my car 's ac charged while i went to the gym . i was quoted at few other places a $ 25 ac check fee , $ 25 hookup fee , and between $ 30-35/lb of freon . freddy 's waived the cheek fee and was only $ 25/lb . plus kevin had helped my fiancee on his motorcycle before and gave him a $ 10 off coupon then so we could use that too . ended up being less than $ 70 instead of close to $ 150 like some other places . great people ! great service !	2198
0	went in here looking for a tent , they were all over priced , missing stuff or broken . it looked like a bunch of inflated yard sale items . ooh and the food items looked gross . like how could it be legal to sale old damaged food ? that stuff should 've been given away . then again idk if i would trust it .	692
0	the yoga room is great -- nice new floor , lots of windows . the teacher was about average . but the locker room is very crowded , there are n't hot water taps on the sinks ( ! ) , no towels or blower to dry one 's hands , and -- and this is a deal-breaker for me -- there are advertisements on the bathroom stall doors ! yick ! ! not exactly the calm , relaxed space that i look for in a studio . if you go -- and it 's a fine studio , if you do n't mind the issues listed above -- plan extra time to find parking . it was a challenge for me .	2472
0	took my saturn vue in for work on an electrical problem . they gave me my vehicle back with unsafe brakes ! ! ! almost got killed on i17 after i left to go to work they tied up the parts with zip ties ! i took my vehicle to a referred mechanic and he solved they problem with brakes and electrical issue . dont go here for auto repair ! they dont know what they are doing ! now i am trying to get a refund and the manager is arguing with me about what caused the problem ! ! omg just do n't go here for anything !	3405
0	there was no line . ordered a bubble tea and had to wait for 20 minutes . the person did n't not start making it until we asked and looked mad . the drink was also too sweet . would not come again .	3080
1	we came to see the backstreet boys last night and it was such a good show ! while we were waiting for the doors to open we were talking to some of the ushers ( jenny , tamesha , and wendy ) and they were very friendly and helpful ! they even kept us entertained while waiting . they helped make our night even better ! yay for backstreet boys being back !	2879
0	not sure why i keep deciding to come back here . rice is rock hard and has no flavor , along with most of the other food on the half-empty buffet trays . $ 10.50 for a plate of stale food and a drink that they forget to refill ? no thanks .	1575
1	i 've been going here for a while now and i am a girl who is obsessed with her hands . i get reuglar acrylic and i have to say tina is the best ! if i go there and tina is n't in there i will post pone my fill in . i highly recommend this place . even after my nails have grown out i still get a lot of compliments .	1256
1	thank you dr c and staff for all of your amazing services and care through out the years ! ! !	1855
0	the food is horrible ! we ordered our food and in less then 5 minutes we were served . burnt pancakes , breakfast potatoes were plain and hard , sausage had a bad flavor , bacon over cooked , toast was chewy . the entire meal tasted like it was out of a frozen breakfast meal box that was heated in a microwave . hostess and waitress were nice . the quality and size portions are not good but i guess we got what we paid for ... .. cheap crap food .	672
1	i bought a new elantra over the weekend from jay schaeffer at san tan hyundai . he was polite , charming , knowledgeable , and never tried to oversell us on what we did n't need/want . he was patient and checked several companies ( usaa and costco ) for better deals , and he worked well with the finance guy to get us the best interest rates . from my research , i know we got a great deal . highly recommended ! !	3041
1	this is a great petsmart with caring employees . i 'm always impressed with how patient and friendly they are . the prices vary but they have great clearance on toys and outfits quite often . the grooming salon is fabulous . i take both my dogs there for hair and nails , theirs get more attention than mine : )	3094
0	am i the only one that went into this place sober realizing that the 1.5 '' diameter × 5 '' long bar of ice took up 3/5 of the glass ? wow i 'm glad i looked at my son 's honors geometry notes to figure out that we totally got ripped off ! and thanks to the dj every song he spun had the n word in it . classy ! not ! ! ! ! !	2513
1	we love their thin crust pizza and are sad the location on gilbert and germann closed !	1451
0	this place was not great . quality of items not up to par with what i 'm used to at other savers locations . i never leave empty handed at a thrift store , and if i do , it 's because i figure i 've been shopping too much lately ( but have something in mind i would get otherwise ) . this place had absolutely nothing that interested me whatsoever . i was so disappointed ! i may go back today and give it another shot , but this was more full of junky items than any other thrift store i 've ever been to .	128
1	went to a bridal shower here today . food & service was wonderful . we had a salad bar with choice of chicken or salmon to top it off . beautiful views , great decor & comfortable atmosphere .	3106
1	after reading various positive reviews here on yelp , i scheduled a morning appointment . naheed , the owner , welcomed me as her first customer of the day . it was my first time getting eyebrow threading done . she was quick , professional and approachable , and made me feel welcome and comfortable . we actually also did a wax as well . which was thorough . it 's best to get an appointment , as there were walk-ins waiting after i was finished . thanks again naheed , i plan to come back again when i 'm due for one of your services again , you deserve 5 stars .	1729
0	worst moving company you can possibly hire . careless with your furnishings . disorganized , could careless about you or any of your personal belongings . i 've moved 6 times with the same furnishings , this move damaged countless things , broken legs , scratches , dents , latches ripped off , racked antiques , just ca n't say enough bad things !	2353
0	customer service at this dealership needs improvement after you purchase a vehicle . how to follow up with a customers need to be incorporated in the training process . my salesman was nice but after you leave that desk i would shop around at another dealership .	3065
0	had the most extrutating visit here on thanksgiving sunday . barely anyone in the restaurant but the service was so slow . food was fine but ca n't get over how slow the service was . got there for 6 pm service and did n't leave until 8:50 pm . honestly every time my wife and i hear that we are invited here , we dread due to the consistently slow and unattentive service .	163
1	i absolutely love this store ! this year i decorated my table for christmas i bought red place mats and small christmas stockings to hold silverware go to the album to view my table decorations .	2240
1	this is a self serve gas station ... .not to much to yelp about . unfortunately the lines are always crazy long ... ... i use to find if i went later in the day it was n't so busy but for some reason it always is now ... .i recently realized it opens at 6am during the week so i went one morning after work around 7:30am & there were still long lines ... .. if you want to pay the price for their less expensive gas prices then be prepared to wait in long lines ... ... ... ..	2172
1	i am so grateful for their help recently . saved the day when my old 2005 ls430 overheated when taking my wife to medical appointment nearby from prescott home . they reacted well to my unsheduled visit and helped us out . yes , costly but worth it . thank you folks	3065
1	was traveling from out of town , and got suggested to go to crow 's nest . crow 's nest was booked up for the entire day and they told me to check out king 's landing . little bit of wait but was able to walk in and get a nice clean cut . barber was attentive to detail and the location was a nice place to hang out for an hour . highly recommend this place !	3239
1	this is the very best customer service i have ever received ! from the online level-of-service options with no hidden costs , to the efficient & effective service , splish splash could be charging so much more ! in addition to the expected `` regular '' service , our tech identified a potentially expense filter problem and with his expertise , all it costs us was a washer ! letting us know the basket was cracked and getting it replaced ( again a nominal charge ) cleaned up the pool surface almost immediately ! if you want personal , high-quality pool service at a reasonable charge , splish splash is a premier pool service company !	3421
1	it 's no secret that i love ice cream . this ice cream is very lovable . a yummy waffle cone dipped in white chocolate and sprinkles with cake batter ice cream with cookie dough , oreos and fudge ? someone tell my mom i 've gone to heaven earlier than expected . she got a brownie sundae that was also fabulous . sit outside in the courtyard and take in the nice view of the fountain . chill , relax and enjoy these delicious treats !	3537
0	bad doctors , bad pt staff . the doctors are a mob that want to make money . dr. zoltan was curt and weird . dr. armendariz was a jerk , period . the pt staff does not do astem . astem is a physical approach to fixing an ankle . instead , all i did was strengthen to no avail . bobby from texas was the only hustler of that group in tempe , the rest were either not knowledgeable , casual and not willing to go the extra mile .	2755
1	i 'd have to say that when i look and shop for quality , the employees are very attentive to me and also carry on a better dialogue compared to hm and zara .	485
1	had a great couple massage ! located in a cute little house ! libby and emily were fantastic , thank you very much . definitely worth the visit . if you 're debating on a spa try carmel day spa and saloon . they provide a lot of other services like hair , nails and spa stuff . i 'm a guy so i 'm not sure about those services . not sure about the other reviews but we had a great experience .	3554
1	dr zedek has been a big help to me . his advice has been beneficial and he switched my medications and it has helped improve my mental health and my enjoyment of life . scheduling is very easy and despite having a busy patient-load , he tries to stay on time and get you in at the scheduled time .	3928
1	just an awesome experience ! you walk into an office that is bright with good energy , a more than friendly and intelligent staff that also educates the patient . my appointment was for my son but i will personally start going here myself . we are new to the area and the dental office i had gone to for myself was not the greatest experience so i am thrilled to begin a new dental relationship ! ! ! !	1452
1	best uv tans and spray booths ! always clean , affordable and quick . love this place : )	3115
1	love the new interior ! ! ! ! ! reclining seats . hardwood floors . excellent . this is way better than the old style setups . willoughby commons has done it up right ! ! ! ! !	2671
0	terrible office employees : i ca n't give this apartment complex any stars my daughter was forced to move out in december because of the suppose it barking dog issue . she chose a buyout option and then was never given any security deposit back and told the apartment was a mess five of us spent eight hours cleaning that place top to bottom . darlene , toni , shannan , and dan all have lied and manipulated . please do n't even look at this place . they 've also had many flooding issues and their apartments are dirty and not painted correctly and the carpet is very cheap .	1953
1	i 've visited this location twice now . once around veteran 's day 2017 when i was in charlotte for the nc renaissance festival and most recently the day after christmas 2017 while visiting my brother-in-law . i have no complaints . both times we were seated in reasonable amount of time , received excellent service and the food was well prepared . i 'm sure on future visits to charlotte , assuming we stay near this location , we 'll dine here again .	1549
0	terrible clientele ... i am a middle aged woman and was asked to get off weight machine that was not being used by a 20 year old thug and then screamed at and sworn at by his scary friends and not a single person nor employee did anything about it even though the guy has done it before . not enough gym equipment at all and the classes are generally useless except for spinning and a couple of randomly timed insanity classes . it is a true meathead gym posing as upscale . will leave for one in port credit	2762
1	great service ! so i came in the rental area slightly intoxicated and picked a fight with the guy at the desk . : ( it was my fault , his hands were tied , but both gentlemen were super friendly and we ended being taken care of very well . all in all not a bad experience !	3129
0	everything was nice that night , friends , food , music and wine selection . they done taketh it away by letting julie the waitress work there nice nasty tude . she was spoil more so than the grapes . julie , get a grip on your tude and not the money	263
1	the store was one of the larger ace hardware store that i have been in but the staff made the difference . to a of people being helpful made it a fast trip !	2697
1	where else can you see pouters , pet a wallaby and eat roasted corn ? the fair is the bomb , as it were . my dear love and i went one afternoon . the weather was glorious , the crowds were light , and there was plenty to see and do . we spent a little while in the body exhibit which is a little to much for me but others certainly seemed to like learning about the body including my dear love . i love the fair and we had a good time .	2076
0	so this place is great if you want to get pills for all sorts of problems . when it comes down to being a doctor , they are the worst . miss diagnosed 3 times and let alone the prices for all their treatments . on top of that , they charge for paperwork that needs to be filled out for employer 's when you get sick . over all , my doctor now . is not a doctor at all ! ! ! ! ! !	609
0	came here for a 1 hr reflexology massage . lady at the front kept trying to convince me that i only wanted a 1/2 hr foot massage . place was n't busy at all . in fact 4 of the workers to include the lady that was checking me in were sitting around chatting and playing with their phones . i ended up just leaving and going somewhere else for my 1 hour reflexology massage . do n't plan on ever trying this place out again .	2014
1	michelle is amazing ! ! she is so knowledgeable and personable ! my skin has definitely benefited from the facials i 've gotten . michelle was also super understanding when i had to reschedule due to weather . i highly recommend mireji ! i would never go anywhere else !	750
1	delicious spring rolls and lunch combos . friendly staff . great for lunch or dinner . free delivery within a few miles .	779
0	i have been going here for years . the drs and nurses are great but everytime you go back you owe money for a previous visit . my kids do not have insurance . i called today to get them in for a cough . the woman couldnt give me a price . she said it could be between 32 & 175 dollars each kids . she was cocky in her vagueness . i asked if she could narrow it down & she said no . this will be my last trip ever to mesa pediatrics after years of going there .	3893
1	how do i love chipotle ? let me count the ways ... cilantro rice ( mmmm ) , fresh corn salsa , burritos as big as your head , prices easy on your wallet , funky industrial-aztec decorating scheme , and hip tunes on the stereo . beats the stuffin ' out of the usual fast food joints . who would 've guessed that chipotle is owned by mcdonalds ?	1328
0	new to the area , needed a place to get my nails done for my baby shower so thought i 'd try bally nails . i got a french manicure and the whole time i had to keep asking the lady doing my nails to fix them . eventually i just gave up and decided to except the fact that this place is just not worth my time . it 's been a week and my nails look like i 've had them done for a month or longer ! they look ferocious thanks bally nails ..	2830
1	this place is fully stocked with asian goodies . has a very nice produce section , although i 'd prefer my assi in good old illinois . but hey ... this is one of the very few places to buy asian groceries out in arizona ... nice selection of meats and canned items . they have an asian condiment selection galore ... every plum sauce , soy sauce and hosien you can think of in multipel brands ! ! ! ! also has a bakery and bubble tea counter	3269
0	these guys were terrible . they offer a groupon for $ 29 , but if you do n't realize that it is n't for synthetic oil , they wo n't offer a rebate on the groupon when you get there and then they up charge you another $ 50 . one employee said people needed to learn about there cars before coming to them . he also said that he 'did n't give a shit ' if i posted a review , so here it is . another rep who dealt with a frustrated customer muttered 'the joys of dealing with the general public ' as he walked away from her . be very very very careful with these people .	2655
1	i 've shopped off and on at penney 's my whole life . this store is the best . excellent customer service from the manager all the way to the cashiers . i recently encountered a frustrating situation with an online order , i called the national customer service number and it was a 13 minute wait . i called this ahwatukee store and the assistant manager took over and had the issue fixed immediately with extremely satisfying results . they have my loyalty .	3633
1	the bartender , manny made me his specialty martini 's ! the most awesome bartender i 've ever met ! if you are here at aria , look for manny and ask for his specialty martini 's . cucumber martini , strawberry martini & blueberry martini .	3457
0	we had the lunch special and it was not real seafood . imitation everything . even the salmon looked too red for it not to have been soaked with petroleum ( red dye ) . yuck . i want to vomit it all out .	198
0	this restaurant has potential . however , the managers are rude , petty , racist , biased , and indifferent . i invited my family to this restaurant to celebrate three family birthdays . to my dismay , one family member was completely disrespected due to the fact that he could not eat the sushi that he mistakenly ordered . the manger tried to force him to pay for food he could not eat . she did n't offer to prepare an alternative dish for him . she was rude and obnoxious toward him and said , `` do n't ever come here again . ''	890
0	plain and simply overrated and expensive . i will not be go no to this place again . for what you pay for a hot dog you can buy all the ingredients yourself and make multiple ones or just go buy a whole meal .	1566
1	i just had the best service from stephanie and chris . they had patience and did my tattoo just how i wanted it . chris was so soft with his technique but quick . in and out ! thank you ! will be coming back ! -tofu booty .	1658
1	nice spot . popped in for a quiet lunch at the bar- good ipa , decent food but most notable for the great and friendly service . thanks ! !	670
0	very disappointed with the service . called many times and never got anyone to come back to me . called and was put in hold and no one would come back on the phone . you can never get anyone to help	558
0	warning this is not a strip club we walked in n there were no strippers we sat for 1hr n still no strippers dancing . this place is a fraud n rip off do not be fooled . i spoke to the manager and he was an even bigger dumb ass for believing that its ok for a strip club to not have strippers . horrible	1779
0	yet another disappointing trip to this store . this time it was the pharmacy . omg , what a hassle ! each time i say 'never again ' . hurry up sprouts at 7th ave. and osborn ! ! !	2316
1	we love shabu shabu and this store has been put jackpot when it comes to buy all the ingredients and vegies -pots etc ... . we love how the vegie prices are so cheap and the produce is always fresh . we always have such great experience coming here . love it !	2670
1	ordered delivery and it got here super fast , which was surprising because it was raining like crazy . food was great . got chicken fingers w/fries and breaded mushrooms ( and there were lots of them ) . only minor complaint is i wish it came with more ranch to dip in as there were only 2 and that was n't enough for all the mushrooms and 5 fingers .	987
0	hmm no thanks . tiny little aquarium with one cool tank of medium sized sharks and otherwise a bunch of flotsam is not worth my $ 20 . go to the zoo if this is your sort of thing . or better yet , columbus 's zoo , which has an aquarium many many times cooler than this one .	706
0	thr staff was really rude when we asked for a reschedule . so rude that my 8 yr old refused to back to the swimming class . and they still kept charging my credit card for 2 months . when i asked for refund they refused . never going back there ! !	2360
0	and now the scorpions have arrived . worst place i 've ever lived ! more bugs then i 've ever seen	3700
0	response is a lie . the reason the groupon was expired was that they ignored all correspondence until the expiration date had passed . i called several times and the line never picked up . left several messages that were never returned . finally after the expiration date had passed ( which i had previously given in the messages i left ) i got a call back . my groupon was for a mechanic to come to my house . the person responding to my call said i would have to bring the car to them . the car was not operational , hence the reason why i purchased an at home service .	1360
1	stopped in for some panda while passing through . pretty typical panda . the service was good . the food was good . place was clean . no complaints	1495
1	psls is an amazing practice . from 2007-2016 i was an aba therapist for children with autism . during that time i observed multiple speech and language therapy sessions at different practices and i can honestly say that psls is the best one out there !	1712
1	shout out to rich at the front desk ! were always happy to see him and all the other employees for that matter . this gym may not be the nicest or have the best equipment but it gets the job done and we 've made great relationships and really feel apart of the community since joining back in march 2014 . we 've been long time members of different y 's across az and tx but there is definitely something special about this one ! giving 4 stars since they could use various equipment additions and improvements . all in all a great place and i recommend .	3922
1	i thought that makers & finders was strictly a coffee shop , but after stopping by they actually had a variety of breakfast/brunch sized meals . i ordered an avocado toast expecting it to be light , but to my surprise it was seriously very filling . on top of the avocado was a fried egg and cherry tomatoes . it was definitely a lot better than i expected and above average when it comes to avocado toast . it also comes with potatoes on the side , which went perfectly with the meal . it 's definitely a great stop for a break while shopping in the downtown summerlin area .	1332
0	this place has a lot of money hungry ... . greedy bartenders . they charged me a 25 % gratuity when i met 6 friends for drinks at the bar . we were standing ... .no dinner ... . quick to slam me . total bs . drinks are wayyyyyyyyyyy overpriced ... . and they screw you . they do n't care about this but i wo n't come back ... .. you should n't go either ... . if you have to go ... . order your drinks and pay cash to avoid getting ripped off by the bartenders . earn your tip ... .. do n't steal it ... ...	2513
0	this place closes between 3 to 5:30pm everyday ! they are so lazy , they do n't even bother to turn the open sign off . really , is this such a high-end restaurant that we are n't worthy of getting served outside core meal times ? this place just opened up , so if the management running the place had half a brain , they would n't turn away customers so that their lazy cooks and servers can take their afternoon nap .	943
0	do n't stop here if you have a meeting to get to . i would be fine if this was my vacation and do n't mind waiting 10+ minutes for a simple cup of coffee . terrible service ! ! ! ! !	2397
1	i see a few negative reviews but i 've been a customer for over 7 years and have never had any problems .	1393
1	was definitely pleased with the level of service at the hilton toronto . i was greeted well by the front desk , who upgraded my suite as requested to the executive floor . they also ensured that my requests for a mini fridge and appropriate amenities were met . the room itself was stellar with two double beds , large desk and ample space to comfortably rest after a concert at the nearby molson amphitheatre . the front desk helped arrange transportation and have me a ring when my ride arrived . checkout was painless and while i did have vouchers for breakfast at the hotel . i was n't able to take advantage of it due to my schedule .	73
1	i went back to the store after getting an email from the owner and did get two trees from him that i was very happy with . he really does have the best prices in town and i will be getting more from him in the future .	3400
1	we left around 9am . that is apparently a pretty early time to leave seamless . a very memorable time here although i was a little out of it . good times all around . definitely would love to go back . limo rides to and from were even more memorable . i think the limo ride there is reimbursed with paid cover .	1754
1	service department gets 5 stars ! they are trustworthy and capable . they have taken great care of me for the past two years . i would not take my car anywhere else .	1424
0	i hate giving 1 star reviews , but its deserved . there is no return or exchange policy . all sales are final . buyer beware . i 'm stuck with a $ 2,000 bed that i can not use . i 've been to other ashley locations and always been very happy with the experience . this time , i wanted to make a large purchase since i just moved . the rest of the items was a good deal , and i am happy with it . but the bed is just the wrong one for me . i wish i would have known so i could have slept on it ( ha ! ) instead of make a decision that day .	3738
1	i came in today with my son and friends to try their matcha soft serve . it was sooo yummy ! ! the matcha has a lot of flavor , very smooth texture but not too sweet ! my son and i will definitely be back soon ! ! owner was super friendly and sweet ! !	2984
0	wings are not that good and if you 're having a special on wings , 1lb + pitcher..10 wings as opposed to 7 would be more of a deal considering they charge $ 20 ! no deal here folks ... atmosphere was a very uk bright lit pub , no music , very hum drum.. although it was a sunday	1064
1	good atmosphere . ok service . food and drinks are unique and good overall . would be better if have even more food selection . good place to hang out with friends .	344
1	just went back with a friend from so cal to get my ears pierced ( 8 gauge black glass plugs ) and get my labret taken back out to 14 gauge . dana and a.j . are the shit , and i refuse to get any piercings done in so cal , only here at htc . you would be well served to visit htc before anyone else .	2790
0	i 've eaten at probably 10 different cafe rios in the chain across nv and ut , and this is by far the worst location . they are not friendly at all , always run out of things , make things wrong ( i have to tell them how it 's supposed to be made . ) if you have 10 extra minutes , drive to the s. eastern location .	1365
0	the snacks are more expensive than the harkins ... and the seats look nice but are hella uncomfortable . i mean go-to-the-chiropractor uncomfortable .	2406
1	second visit was last night . i used online check in but still waited a bit . it was n't so bad . have you been to chandler regional ? there were some sick kiddos that were more urgent , way it goes . i was still before people w similar issues . once in it was fast and dr really listened about my injury . last visit was january and that dr was even better . had that awful fly ! they care for an urgent care . hate seeing such poor experiences ...	3698
0	i got a small pastry , which looks like some sort of napoleon . i forget the name but it has pistachio , sweet pastry cream and a cookie base . i was disappointed because it was so hard and stale ; nothing light or flaky . it was dry and i just did n't want to eat the rest of it . although there were little crunchy bits , i barely tasted any pistachio . rather indulge my calories elsewhere . tea was okay . rooibos has nice citrus note .	160
1	went here for a tan . never even knew it was there ... very clean hotel . not bad for a business trip .	3253
0	i frequented this coffee shop for about a month . i had heard negative things about the owner/manager 's attitude from others , but i like to give people a chance myself . after being glared at , talked to rudely , and ignored on several occasions , he finally was so rude to a friend and i that we are never going back there ( and neither are any of my other friends ) . if you do n't mind being treated like they are doing you a favor by deigning to serve you , then this place might be fine for you .	1807
1	had a bit of an issue with the the pick-up . but they resolved the issue and took care of me . other then that it was great !	2673
0	everything was amazing including lobby bar except construction that started right above our unit at 8am . my toddler was still sleeping from a 12 hour travel day . my husband called front desk only to be told it 's not above our unit which was incorrect lol then they offered us to move . my son is sleeping so no i do n't want to move . the noise continued . i wish they booked us in another room to begin with : ( . i love the hilton but this was certainly not the best stay ...	73
1	its starbucks ! available first thing before departing for your flight . they 're used to the long lines so everything moves fast .	1265
1	i was in a tight spot and needed some money to pay bills . i have never taken out a title loan or other high interest loan such as a pay day loan , so i was reluctant to borrow the money . they were very nice , but the process took almost 2 hours to complete . even with the 30-day interest free period on the loan , if you only pay the minimum amount ( which covers only the interest ) , the loan will never get paid off . i have no desire to purchase my car all over again , and that 's my incentive to get this loan paid in full as soon as possible !	3404
1	always manage a good time here . good steam and hot tub . the dark areas are fun and the sling can support a great amount of weight . nice guys and the roof is a sunny refuge . i will be back .	3345
1	this place has the best philly cheesesteak i 've every eaten . the employees are extremely nice as well .	777
0	i was going to give them a `` 1 '' star , but they did get half of my order right , and what they gave me by mistake was delicious .	2778
0	i tried making an order looking at their online lunch special menu and it was impossible . the lady on the phone was n't helpful at all . she admitted that their menu changed and that they did n't make shrimp with jasmine rice anymore . she then hung up on me and when i called back , i was hung up on again . if the menu has changed , please update your website . please also train your employees on better customer service .	1203
0	awful experience for my kids , never going back . back staff office very rude not only to my kids but myself as well . they made my children cry and very uncomfortable . i got to say for a kids friendly dentistry , their is nothing friendly about it . will be looking for a new pediatric dentist .	2596
1	my experience with move for less was great . my move was relatively small . moving my daughter into her own place . but we had a very heavy large steel school locker that needed to go up 2 flights of stairs , and around 2 tight corners . my movers joe gomez and mike ramirez handled the job like the professionals that they are . everyone i spoke to from this company was friendly and helpful . their rates are good and so is the service . i highly recommend move for less and will use them next time i have a move , large or small .	3159
1	nor sure why they have bad review but they are so nice , went three time and every time was able to find my needs and customers service is a bomb	758
0	i 'm a new customer with patricia , and she was highly recommended . she does great work when she feels like showing up for her appointments . she will confirm the appointment s then just disappear . i drive a great distance to go to her , but her being so unprofessional and not caring about her business . she has lost another customer .	2742
1	they have re-opened ! the new photographer , kalei , is amazing ! she is so sweet and patient . she is an excellent photographer too ! i loved the pictures of my 3 month old that she took . we will be returning !	1284
0	horrific experience . stay away ... so called manager , tracy brown and his knowledge of profanity was incredible . in 15 minutes , we were asked 3 times if we are serious about buying a car . when asked for his business card , was told to leave the showroom . very sad for the salesman who worked hard and lost out on the commission . we left and drove directly to camelback vw . in less than two hours we drove off with a 2013 passat at a lower price with great deal of positive customer service . only reason for me to take time and write this : i would not want anyone to go through this level of negativity .	2816
0	high end ice cream store ca n't even do a dip cone at 8:15 oh well heading to mcdonalds ...	1201
1	located right next to unlv , and is a place where many college students come for a cheap and well cooked meal . the food here is pretty good , but i heard the banh mi here is the best thing there is . the customer service here was really good as well , we came in a large group and they efficiently handled everything . they tried their best to help us out and were very humorous , the waiter was really nice and communicative . i would recommend this place to others !	673
0	worst ever customer service i came early and they said even if i bought my ticket i could n't go in till the time it started a bunch of incompetent workers ...	611
1	friendly and very helpful staff . i buy all my dogs necessities here and he loves coming into the store	3433
0	update - now national stone is lying to american express telling them that i have the granite ( or actually marble ) .	2090
1	i walked around this new town to me in downtown toronto canada looking for a good pub and ran into this cozy old spot . to my surprise this place reminded me of a san francisco old school pub with two stories , live music in the back and an upstairs different vibe . the employees greeted me and sat me down , recommend a great burger and local ipa . i then walked up stairs to the second bar with a whole different vibe of all ages just relaxing , mingling and i can here the different accents and languages of conversations , very cool ! if your a beer drinker and love ipa try the local amsterdam brewery selection .	1091
1	do n't forget to go shopping at fry 's food store . we got two free passes to the fair already got ta shop some more to get two more .	2076
1	great chili cheese naan , chili paneer , gobi 65 . we asked for spicy entrees and they delivered . too many restaurants wo n't risk giving a customer a really spicy dish when asked . origin was n't shy and created super flavorful and spicy chicken vindaloo , lamb , and a paneer tikka masala .	600
1	excellent care . knowledgeable , caring staff . quick in and out , saved my friend a trip to the er .	3698
0	boring . aging hipsters looking bothered . the coffee is bland , as is the decor .	2504
0	after enrolling our child we could n't get him out of this place fast enough . revolving door of low grade staff , and the owner is n't far off her self .	3582
1	great breakfast today and shaleen 's service was great ! supper friendly hostess and manager checking out too !	672
0	this place is awful- bad customer service , horrible prices ... call a local family owned company- do n't fall for their ridiculous advertisements ! just because they 're all over the tv screen does n't mean they are a great company ! awful experience ... i wo n't ever call them again !	2444
0	totally not helpful bad customer service the high school girls that work there are rude .	2039
1	cant lie these are some pretty awesome lashes , got them about a week ago and they 're still perfect ! as long as they stay like this i 'll be going there from now on !	2148
0	the most expensive market around and they never have their samples available . i do not have the experience of being treated with respect or appreciated . i dread shopping here and am actively seeking and alternative market to shop at .	433
0	i would defiantly confirm pricing before you have your nails done . their menu said services were one price but when i went to pay it was $ 10 more . i did n't want to argue but could n't help but wonder if it had anything to do with him asking me where i lived . the actual result of the work was not great either . i went because i knew that they took walk ins quickly , but i think moving forward , i will make appointments somewhere else .	1099
1	full circle is great ! i have gone to several other car washes and always been somewhat disappointed . even their $ 3 car wash is awesome they clean your car before you even go in and it comes out spotless ! their service is amazing . robert the gentleman at the pay center is so kind and gracious . he delivers excellent customer service . full circle you have a customer for life thank you for the great service	3899
1	karma just moved to a new location on sunset , i 'm so glad they did they 're now closer to my house ! they 're the best hookah lounge around . the staff is friendly and make you feel like your family . david and chris are awesome . if you have n't tried this place you need to get down there and try it out for yourself . they now have a a dj , karaoke night on thursdays , monday night football , they have all kinds of new things going on there . plus they are $ 15 per person all you can smoke !	2789
0	my husband and i frequent the one in nyc on 7th and it is wonderful . this franchise in caesars was absolutely horrible . i ordered the corned beef hash and it looked like a rat had taken a dump on my plate . we took a picture of it and took it to ny and they were quite disguested at how someone could allow this to be served . the wait staff was less than accomodating ( we had heard from the area shops was normal ) so we just left . no tip , nothing . will never dine here again . their nickname was `` the rat deli '' . thank goodness they were closed down .	79
1	maria is the best at removing sebaceous hyperplasia . these annoying things i have been fighting with for the past 2 years .	3366
0	dealing with the office manager and billing was a nightmare . the dr seems alright , but i chose to see a different dr after this bad experience because sadly the dr is over his employees and if this is who he has represent him i can not trust my body to that person . i hope he fixed this in the future .	2802
1	well i ca n't grade the staff we really did n't use them . there is so much cool stuff here from cooking toys to kids toys . we spent a good 45 min there and just poked around . interesting creative and teaching crafts for kids that could enhance any b-day party .	1937
1	zorbas should be a scottsdale historical landmark , if the city council had a clue . which history , i.e . supporting skysong instead of pimpass hockey arena/tempe marketplace where old los arcos was all the way to the wedge , has proven they do n't . but i digress , zorbas . where else in south dale , can young punks who just turned 18 , get kicked out of for recreating light saber fights with 3 foot ( maybe they were 4 ) neon dildos . no where thats where . also , in regards to that area , long live vr .	2914
1	i came on a weeknight during rush hour and this place had no line . i just walked right up . everyone was friendly and smiling and talking to you . they kept the place clean . i grabbed my order to go and the burgers were delish . i love their fries - plain fries . i do n't go for their other styles .	116
1	great beer selection with late night draft specials during the week . they do n't offer much for food outside of little plates , but the bruschetta was on point . when it 's warm out , the roof opens up and you can see a really pretty view of the skyline . parking can sometimes be tricky , but there 's a garage and a lot a few blocks down . i 'll definitely be back when the weather warms up .	780
0	enjoyed the classes , but the administration change was poor . i had broken some bones in my feet and needed to no longer participate . during this time a change in ownership happened and they `` wrote-off '' my balance . i '' m out of the balance of my classes . very disappointing ... .i guess the moral of the story is , do n't get sick or injured during the class series , even if they tell you that they will credit your account .	2394
0	overall , a disappointing experience . the waiter was disinterested and dispirited . i wo n't be going back .	979
1	this bass pro shop is like a dream ! it 's got two levels off all things `` outdoors '' ! ! ! i loved taking photos on the atvs and in the boats ! ! ! ! ! the fountains made it all the better !	2601
1	this is my go-to place for hungarian and central eu food . the atmosphere is dated but has a home style feel to it . live music on the weekends and great cabbage rolls and goulash . as good as trips to budapest and prague for similar fare .	625
1	dr. gawley is an incredibly talented plastic surgeon . immersed in the breast cancer community , we hear and see the best and the worst results in breast reconstruction . dr. gawley is by far the best surgeon for breast reconstruction in town . we highly recommend him to all breast cancer patients in need of breast reconstruction . his work outside of breast cancer is equally outstanding . in addition , he is a philanthropic leader in our community giving generously to help make a difference in the fight against breast cancer locally .	3623
1	i loved my pedicure and gel manicure . three of us came in and they started right away . they do wonderful design request . great prices and wonderful people . i am sure to come back ; )	3649
1	i decided to experiment with crafts and i ended up at michael 's . i expected to see mostly retired customers who do have time for crafts and hobbies but much to my surprise there were a great variety of people , from children to artists ... you name it . not being familiar with the crafting world , i had to ask for assistance . the staff was friendly and courteous and eager to help . i was very pleased with my purchases and my shopping experience at michael 's .	1615
0	great help from associates this was on friday , not happy with reception and assistance i got in meat department on saturday .	304
0	bought a chandelier for $ 375 only to discover that essential hardware and instructions were lost or missing . took me five ( very aggravating ) hours and several trips to home depot to successfully hang the unit . ok , `` fool me once ... '' but the store 's attitude was indifference . goes without saying . i 'm not happy and wo n't be back .	3224
0	beware ! ! bought a tree from star 3 months ago and it died . we were told when we bought it that it was guaranteed for 1 year . when we returned the tree , with the receipt , we were told by the young lady at customer service that she would refund the purchase . however , when she took the receipt to the register the `` manager '' told her that they do n't refund , they only do store credit . so , we were stuck shopping for a new tree and carting it home in 105 degree weather . do n't trust star nursery for backing their products and guarantees .	99
1	workers are always friendly and the store is always well stocked and clean ! i 'm here daily for a pop out of their fancy coke machine . $ 0.89 refills if you bring your own cup-which they encourage ! so happy to have them in the neighborhood ! a convenient stop for gas , or a missed grocery item , or a daily drink ! ! : )	507
1	shannon was our server for veterans day and did an outstanding job . pork chop and gravy were delicious . love their baked potatoes . will be back .	560
0	my family and me came here last night the customer service was horrible . at first my niece wants to get the waffle cone and the short hair girl told us that we ca n't get it because its for tomorrow for a party . i 'm paying for my ice cream not like she give away the waffle cone or something . the girl face look very grumpy . after hearing our conversation my niece no longer wants the cone . i give two stars because i like their ice cream .	164
0	ordered delivery and was very disappointed with the quality . the lemon chicken was the worse i 've ever had . not going back there for american chinese .	486
1	one of the nicest goodwill locations in the valley ! location is clean and fairly well organized . employees are friendly and efficient . they also extend the military and student discounts to schoolteachers on sundays .	1219
1	had a big tree and a lot of roots in our back yard . call tree doctors and after a slight timing snafu on a estimate i got them scheduled to come out and remove it . we did have to wait almost 4 weeks for them to come out but they did a professional job and cleaned up everything very nice . i would recommend them .	1135
1	it 's a small hair salon with limited space but some of their stylists are awesome . of course , not all of them . chiharu was the best among the stylists i had before . she has great skills on haircut . i will definitely recommend her !	2181
0	this was such a rip off . i ordered two medium sized pizza with thin crust . well , the crust looked like a flour tortilla , hard , dry and nothing like crust for pizza . now , image that being cooked with toppings and passed off as pizza ! ! since its franchised , they must all be horrible . i hope someone reads this review and pays a few dollars more , go to a real pizza parlor and be satisfied ... h o r r i b l e ... .not even one star	117
1	we came here to try out their poke bowls because we love poke from hawaii . this is n't like hawaiian poke though , it 's their own take on it so do n't expect the traditional hawaiian poke . the fish was fresh , and we thought the portions were fine for the money . it 's on par with poke in hawaii cost wise ( in usd ) , so it is n't a large amount of food , but fair . we got the big katuna and the ninja and enjoyed both . the crunch from the nuts were particularly enjoyable . all in all , we would come down here again for poke !	309
1	had the pasta bowl which was nice because you could throw in all the ingredients of the power bowl ( zucchini , squash , etc . ) at no upcharge . the bolognese sauce was really flavorful and the chicken was pretty good . i had a friend get everything served in a bread cone . that was weird . he ended up pulling everything out onto a plate anyway . but , he said the bread tasted good . it was just an apparent oddity for meatball transportation .	712
0	i just got ripped off for an up coming show in december . they knew they had money issues , yet they took my money and left me hanging . feeling ripped off .	2898
0	after reading a review about not being called back after a call and an e-mail it happened to me also . how can a company simply ignore a request and still stay in business ? if i replaced my roof with this company and had an issue then i would more than likely have problems . they must be having some issues if they ca n't even communicate with customers effectively . alfred in fountain hills	3097
1	i stopped here recently on the recommendation of a close friend , and was not dissapointed . this is an excellent , adorable 'mom and pop ' family italian restaurant with great food ! the pasta is homemade , and the service was fantastic . my daughter got the spaghetti and meatballs , which she loved . i got the seafood manicotti alfredo , and it was 'to die for ' . so flavorful , with large portions to boot . prices were good too , and at this point , i honestly do n't see a reason to go to the national chain italian restaurants anymore ! great job dominic santos !	1242
0	if you want a great , gourmet cupcake go to the cake artists studio on bloomington road . they are cheaper and she 's an accomplished pastry chef . the cupcakes at cakes are overpriced and not special at all .	3749
1	came here on a whim . staff was friendly . chorizo was delicious if you do n't mind the large dollop of mayo . the paella was simply amazing only bad thing was that a third of the menu was not yet prepared when we arrived at 6:30pm on a tuesday night . would recommend	1167
0	good food , horrible staff , rude , ignorant . mom and pop joints are just very rude in this town .	1499
0	i was disappointed in this ross . the selection was very small . the displays were haphazard leftovers . no one greeted or acknowledged me . it seemed like the unloved step child of the stores i 've been in before .	2037
1	we go to katsu once every couple of weeks and always have a great time . the price , food and service are always on point . we usually have the same waitress and she has gotten to know our family and is always very sweet to our son . no complaints here !	745
0	normally they do an excellent job on their cakes but this time they obviously did not care . i ordered a specialty cake and was very disappointed . the lettering was very messy , there were thumb marks , the decorations were very poorly done ... it was clearly slapped together . the cake was 1 hour late , and no one cared to apologized as i waited . to top it off they put it in the wrong color board . i will not be going back .	868
0	went here for the first time today , honestly , it was pretty average . the way you order is very confusing for people who have never been there . the food was not very good , my friend ordered a sandwich that we had to pick up in `` the line '' and it had been sitting out under a heat lamp . the soup was bland . it just felt confusing and meh .	1276
0	this location is now closed . no business seems to make it on liberty avenue . big mama 's house of soul is gone , chick boutique is gone , the cordon bleu culinary school is closing , the august wilson center is having money issues and now dozen is gone . if sweetlix closes next i will be pissed ! i was n't a fan of their dry , stale cupcakes , but i never like to see a downtown business fail . we do n't have much there now .	2751
0	this place is terrible ! i went because my regular nail lady was unavailable at crystal nails and charlie did my nails . i got just a fill and while filing he cut the side of two fingers with filing too deep and the side of my nails started bleeding . not a professional or talented place . i would strongly urge anyone to think twice about going here .	1844
0	old lao food . i dont recommend this place . would never come back here . seems like all the hot food has been sitting there for days and they just microwave for you when u order	2652
0	i love chick fil a usually , but this location always messes up on my order . i ordered chicken nuggets last time , and i received a kids chicken tenders . today , i order a chicken sandwich with mac n cheese , and they did n't put silverware in the bag . go figure .	572
1	i went in not knowing exactly what i wanted because i do n't usually eat at jersey mike 's subs . dylan greeted me with a smile on his face and more than happy to help me make a decision . he even recommended a couple things . he made me the best salad for my ketodiet . i recommend this location . good job dylan !	1528
0	where do i start ? the standing room only waiting room with a 45 min wait ? the fact the pa never touched my daughters skin . the pa then telling my 13 year old daughter it is ok to re apply makeup ( mineral ) after school before dance ( without washing ) . the prescriptions handed out with coupons that my insurance does n't cover and without insurance would cost $ 400 . then , after the horrible office experience , i called about the prescriptions to see if there was another options , left two messages no returned calls . skip this place .	2099
1	four of us dined the for brunch for the first time . had the mexican bowl , grilled cheese/tomato soup and biscuits and gravy . we loved it all . would say this is my favorite brunch place now . i seldom like restaurants biscuits and gravy , but they hit it out of the park . the service was helpful and attentive in a nice atmosphere . looking forward to trying dinner soon .	1331
1	stopped here on my birthday to use an eb e-club coupon . got a breakfast bagel and a pumpkin crunch bagel w/ pumpkin schmear , which was really delicious . leo , the manager , was very friendly and made me feel welcome . service was quick too , but there were n't too many folks in there at 0700 on a sat morn . wish eb had a branch closer to nellis afb !	1214
1	just bought my wedding dress here ! excellent customer service from robin . love her ! this is my 2nd wedding , came in with my 2 teenage daughters and robin made us feel completely welcome . we live outside of philadelphia and after visiting another bridal shop there , i am so glad i waited till our pittsburgh visit . they carry my favorite designer here and they have an amazing array of dresses . so pleased with my dress and the entire experience thanks to robin ! i would definitely go here if you are searching for the perfect dress .	2938
1	had a choco waffle with strawberries and bananas . it was excellent ! i will definitely be coming back .	580
1	soooo yummy ! the chicken is very fresh and the sauces they have are tasty ! i like it more than canes it is much cleaner .	998
0	food poisoning . thanks greasy fish tacos with cabbage that could or not have been properly washed . i 've also had their mac & cheese which was mediocre . but at least i did n't get sick . it 's a serviceable pub but the menu can be improved . it 's not innovative and nothing on it entices you to order it . there are hardly any vegetarian options . the washrooms are clean and the faucet is motion sensitive which is good .	1569
0	worse paedicure by lilly today . do n't waste your time , try one of the new salons on the danforth .	3247
0	as a followup to the previous poster , southwest dental group has several adjacent offices on rural rd. , there are a long list of unhappy reviews . i concur with carly 's comments that i will not return and that the service was poor and unsatisfactory . hour+ wait , similarly large number of x-rays , very cursory examination of my teeth and no cleaning . i 'll never go back , and i hope the gentle reader never goes there in the first place .	3414
0	based on all the great reviews of this place i was excited to try it out ... what a disappointment . i ordered the overpriced `` carne asada '' burrito ( $ 8.65 w/tax ) and i would be shocked if it was even 20 % carne asada . it was loaded with so much beans , rice and pico ( no guac ) that you could n't even taste the overly chewy carne asada .	562
1	i went in at 4 pm for some new tires . the sales guy was very nice and prompt . since there was no one waiting the got 4 tires and my alignment done in 45 minutes at a very reasonable price . so far so good , so when it 's time for service i will go try them again .	3860
1	if you are at fan expo , you should make time to come here ! exceptional beer list . great frites . friendly service . cool ambience .	1583
0	slow service , and limited beer selection . overpriced as well , just because its in an airport does n't mean they should be adding a premium to alcohol .	604
0	this place is located inside the venetian hotel in vegas . you would think it 's a perfect fix for a late night snack . the set up is nice , all the sides are clearly visible . the meat , however is rather questionable . for some reason , they put their steak under some sort of liquid broth . i mean , i know steak is the more expensive protein and you do n't want it to dry out , but to take strips of meat out of a liquid and plop it atop a mountain of nachos , dripping with liquid , is plain gross . side note to manager-hire people who smile .	1071
1	i 'm not much into makeup but i brought my niece here for her birthday . the place is always well lit , clean and organized the staffers are all nice and knowledgeable except they always try to up sale which is good for the business . lots of products too .	2574
0	$ 120 for pedicure and shellac mani -- are you kidding ? ? on top of that , two of the shellac nails peeled off within 3 days ! ! ! do not go here . and probably just getting off the strip if you can !	1606
1	we love water wings ! my daughter 's been coming to this school for a little over two months now and we 've had only positive experiences . andrew is super sweet with the kids ; you can tell he truly enjoys teaching the little ones .	2856
0	if i where u stay away these people are not honest or ever get back to you horrible customer service do not trust beware all of the good reviews are friends they even broke my computer more then it was when i bought it in and denied it just do n't even bother with these `` '' computer experts '' ''	2855
0	worst customer service ever ! i came in because i had some questions with but my car insurance and a agent would not help me . she kept telling the front desk what to say . i switch companies after and got a better quote !	2675
0	the date of this review is friday , february 5 , 2016 . after placing super bowl bets , i went to the greenland supermarket on spring mountain road . i have been many times to the greenland supermarket in los angeles . for this market in las vegas , i prefer the los angeles market instead .	715
1	after leaving the ford dealership and being told i had a thousand dollars i needed to spend on a corroded battery and engine wiring harness i took it here , whom i have always trusted . they looked at it cleaned the corrosion off the battery and harness to find nothing was wrong . i said i would just buy a new battery then . they tested the battery and it too was fine . they applied a protectant on battery posts and sent me o n my way . did not charge me a dime . honest shop that has always treated me well . glad my warranty is out and i 'm not forced to have my car serviced at ford anymore !	565
0	i would have rather ate at mcdonald 's and i hate mcdonald 's . hot dog was burned . onion rings very greasy ( actually dripping grease ) . i do not recommend this place to anyone .	953
0	honestly , why this is called a mexican restaurant is beyond me . smallest order of fajitas we have ever had . guacamole was literally a mashed avocado and the chicken dish i got with the jalapeño creme cheese sauce i am still trying to figure out . the salsa was awesome and so was the waitress but the food ? no ...	882
0	food was cold . mashed potatoes were cold and had huge idaho potatoe skins in them . they were cold and i had to send them back , then my husband 's corn was cold . my child 's chicken strips came out without the fries . told the manager who replaced the potatoes and corn but seemed over worked and tired did n't really seem to care too much . they need to bring reba and burt back . place is going down hill .	560
0	there is always a first - and this was my first experience with americanized vietnamese food . it did n't taste awful , it just was n't very authentic . we ordered a bun dish , a tilapia dish and a bowl of pho . i may possibly go back for the pho , but that would be about it .	205
1	awesome desserts . i tried their green tea crepes and tiramisu , both of which were not too sweet and creamy but just sweet enough and light to satisfy my dessert craving . their coffee was pretty good too . i thought the price was on the higher end but it is not like i come here all the time so i thought my money was worth it . the space itself is not too big so if you are going in a big group of people you may not be able to find seats . there was also no washroom in the store , but it was just a cute little store and the service was friendly	3180
1	they had a pretty good selection of tap beers which is an automatic 4 stars . the fact that they have pool and a plethora of tv 's made it even better . i 'd visit again if ever in the area .	201
0	the place is what you expect on the inside for design . a cave creek version of fake rustic . the service was a 5 out of 10 because she was slow and did n't know the menu items . philly cheesesteack was tiny and did n't have a lot of meat or cheese . all of the serving sizes were very small considering the lunch pricing . with all of the other great options in that part of the city , they will never see me again and i do n't recommend that you waste your time or money there .	211
1	when i 'm at tc tacos all i get is wild thoughts . wild wild wild . good food great service . hostess is laid back and chill . good vibes all around . will return for another day .	562
0	this place is filthy inside , if you want to wash your hands you have to get a code for bathroom door from front staff . the food is so over-salted	869
1	this place is so creative with their hot dogs , fries , and burgers . so affordable in price that also compliments good size portions . this is one of the best places to eat at in las vegas . buldogi dog and burger is so amazingly delicious , if you 're first time eaters here , i def recommend those !	1566
0	what business ca n't take the time to answer their phone ! and , yes , i tried different times on different days . this also was the same issue with the one in henderson . it 's an obvious problem with the chain . get your act together and fix it so you can at least answer your phones during business hours ! yes , yes , yes , you have clients to tend to , but there has to be some way for someone to answer the phones . i wanted to make an appointment ! forget it now . i 'll go elsewhere .	450
0	required me to sign away my rights . this is ridiculous that a doctor that has the potential to do serious harm would expect a client to sign paperwork that agrees to legally binding arbitration . i recommend people to steer clear of any organization that requires you to sign away rights before you 've even gotten to know their work or who they are . if i were signing up for something experimental , i could understand . standard care - no way .	391
1	love this place ! the food here is an english-styled pub fare . i got the shepard 's pie last time i went and the village idiot burger with poutine the time after that . the food was consistently good and very well priced . the beer is the star at this establishment . i think they share their taps with sin & redemption next door because they have very rare imported beers on tap and they are all well priced ( ~ $ 6.95 a pint ) . would definitely recommend and will definitely be going back .	3344
0	i have spent thousands of dollars getting clocks repaired in this shop . today i brought in a clock that is not working that was recently repaired here . the man refused to fix it and asked `` do n't you speak english there is nothing wrong ! '' he said our granite countertop is not level as of last week when the clock stopped working . to spend a thousand dollars to have a clock fixed and then be treated so rudely is unacceptable and i urge you to stay out of this shop .	2307
1	great oatmeal chocolate chip cookies . and good smoothies . a bit pricy . but well worth it	701
0	this is by far the worst place for indian groceries and clothes . every time i 've purchased groceries there it 's been beyond expired , even though they told me they go through their inventory very fast . i would rather drive out to chandler where the choices and products are so much better and not old . as for the clothes , they look worn and outdated , like they were in the closets of probably their friends and family and just brought it in to the store to be sold because the stitching is falling off of most of the clothes and they look faded . for the price it 's quite overpriced in my opinion , you have better luck with ordering online	2663
1	a good hair professional is as important as a doctor or dentist . the best part of this salon is that they listen to you . they allow you to bring in your ideas and thoughts and work out an awesome hair plan . i may be a 40 year old man but my style is important to me , and leanna helps me achieve my desired look with fun and flair . she even researched the best methods to achieve some serious looks ( taking my dirty blond locks to a stunning silver sparkle . ) they are fun and easy to access and will continue to be my choice for hair care .	1430
0	the worst maintained course i 've ever played . there were giant holes in many of the fairways and even a couple greens . they send off way too many people so be prepared to sit and wait also . the course layout is extremely tight so keep your head up for balls coming from 1 and 2 fairways over .	1138
0	these retail ass clowns get no stars as far as i am concerned . they advertise computer repair services so i lug my desktop up there . at store im told that they are not doing repairs until further notice . they dont offer any alternatives they the store manager and the repair manager just stand there like dolts with mouth open . they dont even offer to take my name so customer service can call me . no wonder they are closing those stores a dozen a day . go to best buy .	1638
0	the website allows you to book a reservation yet it does not allow you to confirm the price upon checkout . omni , it is not best practice to ask for your clients credit card information without informing them of the quote/price they are agreeing to upon the `` confirm '' page . please change . also , when i tried to call in to make a reservation i was greeting with a `` please hold '' in what sounded like one of marge simpson 's sister 's voice . my call was then picked up , transferred and finally dropped . this is why you did not get my business today . i sincerely hope this feedback helps you improve your business .	2901
0	i have been trying to contact kirk through the email address listed on their site ( sales @ thewrightpc.com ) and have not heard anything back for a month . if someone can reply to my email that would be wonderful .	2523
1	got a dozen mixed and a half dozen mixed and they were made to perfection ! ! if you do n't like them , you have no taste ... they are home made and made fresh daily , unlike those made at grocery stores ... yuck ... .	1806
1	toronto has many many great hotels . what separates this is its location ! located on the shore of lake ontario this hotel has everything you need to have a good time .	1859
1	really enjoyed our stay here . the room was quite and very comfortable . the restaurant had great food . our waiter ish was very knowledgable and provided excellent service . the well spa was very relaxing . i had a pedicure and gel manicure from dan . he did a wonderful job , was very professional as well as personable . if i lived here , i would utilize dan 's services on a regular basis .	2973
1	our first visit and it wo n't be the last . delicious flavor in all the dishes we tried and we are vegan so it was great that they were so accommodating to our needs . best customer service of any restaurant , we did n't want for a thing .	202
1	this was the second obgyn office i 've ever been to & i absolutely loved it ! compared to the first gyno i 've been to ( belly wrap boutique & spa ) , it 's a more spacious building & better decorated . dr. delozier was great ! she was very nice & helpful . i wish i could keep going here but sadly my secondary insurance switched & they do n't take united healthcare . but for anyone else interested , i really recommend this place !	1281
0	what kind of tea place does n't serve any hot tea ? ! big bummer for this tea lover . also , the parking is insane , especially at lunch time . would help a lot if you could enter from the parking lot rather than having to walk all the way around the front ... especially after stalking the lot for 10 mins in search of a space .	2238
1	new office for us . today was our second time in for well check . office staff is very friendly . the nurse was funny and friendly . she also did her part of the check up fast and kept his attention during eye and hear exams . dr. deardorff was nice and friendly . he asked a lot of questions getting to know us . he also answer all my questions and gave a recommendation to help me find a new pediatric dentist in the area . great job . definitely recommend .	3570
0	terrible music . some italian guy macri thought he could dj . could n't scratch nor mash up . get some real dj 's please . bottle service was a mess . not returning .	2873
1	my husband and i went to see `` act of valor '' , good movie go see it . : - ) i 'll always be a fan of harkins , it 's a local chain that is based in phoenix and has locations in other states . when we were at this location it appears to be in remodel phase which is a great sign . the location is not in the mall but a stand alone so you do n't have to worry that the mall doors are locked when you leave a late movie . always love the staff at a harkins theater .	2524
1	went in today , i had no problems at all . took about 10 mins for me . good quick and easy place . only thing is its kind of hidden so i had to look for it	2724
0	quick service , but some sales items were `` mislabeled '' . when i went to purchase one of them , it rang up at a higher price . the cashier said that some of the sale stickers must 've fallen off and accidentally stuck on others . seriously ? it was firmly placed on .	3143
1	went back just for the talenti gelato ! omgosh it 's so delicious ! the service at this place is good , but the best thing they have to offer is this gelato ! yummy !	192
0	this place has relatively good quality produce -- though it 's primarily non-organic . they have a small organic section but it 's pretty paltry . just a heads up : the prices ! i am used to paying inflated prices at places like summerhill market and whole foods . but this place has traps . lol i was in there a few days ago and a regular package of non-organic strawberries was $ 14.99 . that is twice the price of expensive strawberries at other luxury grocers . next time you 're in there , keep an eye on the prices . some items are simply unreasonably priced . there is no rationalizing paying 15 bucks for strawberries .	2819
1	clean and a fairly new boston pizza located in the heart of north york . this location is a tad smaller than a normal bp so make sure to come early or give them a call to reserve a table . the service was fairly good but not exceptional . the food was really good . the salad is always a nice portion with fresh ingredients . the pasta was good but pricey for the quantity & quality of the ingredients served . i would definitely return again !	363
0	called to order garage door seal . sent an email picture for advice . they never called back as promised . terrible customer service . i bought one from home depot instead .	3470
1	the best margarita ! ! ! if you tell them if you are sing in the margaritas cost 9.00 + tax	1071
1	good food . very busy . had the southwest omelette which was very good . toast was perfect . would have liked bigger cups of coffee however ... had to keep asking for refills of their maybe 6 once cup .	243
0	internet goes down every night so annoying ! unplug the power of the wifi box unplug the wifi router plugs everything back in works fine 1 hour later again no internet ! for gamers like me this sucks	3459
1	was thrilled to find this place in my travels . there are places i can buy meat slightly closer to my condo by parklawn but the freshness , selection , great service and availability of free range chicken and home made non pork sausage makes this butcher shop well worth the extra walk . they also sell ontario grown produce in season and the field tomatoes and corn i bought were so much better than anything i got at the local grocery store . today i am picking up my fresh turkey for thanksgiving that i pre-ordered earlier this week . i find the prices to be very good and the quality is exceptional . if i could give them ten stars i would .	1639
1	do n't understand why all the negative reviews . it 's an empty theater which is great for us . it 's a great place to catch a movie when you 're on vegas strip . nothing negative to say about this place .	2061
1	i took my entire family here while on vacation . this place is affordable , clean , and the people are really nice , and pay attention to what you tell them . full body massage , foot soak , reflexology and hot stones . great place !	735
1	when i went in i did n't try the food but my buddies said it was pretty good . the atmosphere was cool , live music was on point . the only negative was the service , our server was n't too interested in seating us , and did n't really come around our table to see if we were doing okay . still i think it 's worth checking out for your own , give it a chance .	190
1	i was looking for a new service plan and i got more than that . i received the best customer service . adam was super nice and patient with me . i had so many questions and he had all the answers . he was super personable . one of the main reasons i decided to join at & t was the customer service . they made verison look bad !	2749
0	when your shoes stick to the floor in the dining area , you know there are issues . cleanliness here is clearly not a priority . i expect this at maybe red roof ? but not at hilton property . years ago i remember this hotel has being very nice . i guess management is milking for every last cent . last time here .	2296
0	literally the worst experience of my entire life , from the get go these people are highly unprofessional , untimely and plain hard to work with . do n't expect anything but a miserable experience with these ameuter lenders ! run as fast as you can !	968
0	every time i eat here i regret it . finally yelping about it . this is vegas , a city where amazing food is everywhere . sammys just does n't serve its purpose , the pizza is overly cooked , the salads are delicious but drastically overpriced and most importantly the service is the worst , absolute god awful service i have ever received every time i go and the layout is horrible . i wo n't be stepping foot in there again .	1116
1	took our 2 and 4yr old with us.. the chicken skewers were perfect for the.. tom khai gai soup very good too . their website has some coupons and specials so chck it out before you go .	826
0	unfortunately , i found a dead leopard gecko in their enclosure who starved to death . you can tell by the skinny tail . regardless of their selection , i ca n't support a place that does n't take care of their animals .	380
0	complaint update . their customer service is still horrible . they only seem to respond after my poor reviews and claim they will help resolve the matter but then nothing . on tuesday , june 13 i gave them the order number to reference and now it is friday and still no resolution . buyer beware . if you buy something from this vendor and you have an issue with their product there is zero chance you will get your money back . without a doubt the worst customer service experience to date in my life .	978
0	typical thai fare but small portions and over priced . we ordered bucket drinks ( 12.95 ) and they tasted like juice . the mussels appetizer were basically plain cold mussels placed on top of raw lemongrass-do not order ! the description was deceptive . we ordered calamari , pla pa sa ( fish ) , pad thai , curry , som tum , and pork bone soup and were disappointed . i felt like there was no effort in balancing flavours that thai food is known for , as these items were either too sweet or too sour . the only upsides : nam tok , ( although was 5 thin slices of pork ) was tasty , and service was friendly .	553
0	rude service , bad food . we were starving when we stopped here to grab a quick bite . we were told our food costed one price , but the employee rang up a different price . go somewhere else where the employees actually want to serve you .	1071
0	rude staff manager do n't know his job they waste your time .. i went to try and rent a dresser and bedroom set they said i was approved over the phone then collect all my info on the app just to deny me they act like your time is n't valuable	3714
1	dr badalamenti is amazing , just had a crown done , no pain at all . recommendation to all that are looking for a professional , talented and dedicated dentist , dr badalamenti is the best .	3163
1	amazing cover up by tyler ca n't wait for it to heal so we can do a little more shading	2621
1	just started a new diet . the produce department is well supplied . wish the liquor department carried luc belaire rose . parking spaces could be a little longer in order to fit the maybach or phantom . i am going to be brief . i love the pears . shout out to all 'dem pairs ! ! ! mmg	2105
1	try the salt and pepper squid . crispy and flavourful ! service is fast and friendly , and menu items have been modified upon request . brings back good memories of living in china for me .	1437
1	this is a must stop if you are stayng on freemont street in vegas ! it 's a tiny little hole-in-the-wall piano bar and the piano player/vocalists are amazing ! ! super friendly , intimate and fun atmosphere and it was very cool . they have open mic too so if you are comfy with piano karaoke they welcome you to sing !	3326
0	i was not very excited about these wines . very few varietals offered and many had too much smoke and pepper flavors . the staff however was extremely friendly and the tasting room and outdoor areas are very spacious . not my favorite wines , but still worth trying !	3165
1	great staff . excellent service ! dr. herrera was a great choice for our family doctor	590
0	i live in the parma area and decided to try a new pizza establishment in the area . i decided to try wagon wheel pizza . my wife went up to order some pizza to go and was told that it 's too busy and they are not doing any carry-out orders . this is very disappointing . they could n't say that it would be a wait because of how busy they are , instead they turn away the business . what kind of business that serves food passes up on the opportunity to make money and also gain a new customer . i can say that wagon wheel will never gain my business . i was so upset that i had to share this	2733
0	this location is absolutely horrible never go here you will only be abused my misogynist '' genius '' bar members who stare at you while your product is being refused to be fixed with a smirk . go to ubreakifix across the street wish i could give 0 stars because they made me cry	3579
1	went here for the first time today . tried the rgb burger , delicious ! the loaded fries were generously sized and great . garlic park wings could have used a bit more flavor but very crispy . the atmosphere was fun and rustic . we will definitely be back .	3846
1	very nice hgi . we stayed here on two different occasions , and the service , breakfast and rooms were all very pleasing . very close to the airport , and there 's a waffle house right next door . but try the breakfast here , because raoul can really make an omelette .	3503
1	i love this place so much ! i 'm currently at the bar , listening into some amazing music ! a must visit when in mill avenue . did i tell you how much i love it ? yeah . okay .	1176
1	after being closed for one year , the hotel has finally re-opened and the rooms have been nicely upgraded . i travel often for work so having a nice room to relax after flight ( s ) or meetings it 's a must have . i highly recommend joining their rewards program for frequent room upgrades . i would stay there again . nicely located downtown with access to underground passage to the shopping and eating area is a bonus when the weather is not so nice . great gym facility as well . nice work fairmont montreal .	1671
1	i do n't know ... we actually had a very good time ... i looked through some comments and seems like i 'm reading about a totally different place ... the bouncers were respectful , the atmosphere was fun , my girlfriends and i showed up a bit tipsy already after our supper and ended our night in a great way , getting a bottle and good service with it ... we came to have fun , and we did !	2200
1	every time i come to vegas i make a stop at body english . it is sooo much fun ! the vip room and the tables are great . definitely worth the extra price . there is often a huge line to get in . either get there early , bring some extra cash or some extra good looking girls ! on new years eve this place was rockin . they have fog that shoots down from the ceiling . this is such a fun place !	3596
0	i have come here a lot and it 's always been a great experience . today after going through the wash i noticed my vehicle was still dirty . i went to the attendant and asked to take a look and he just mumbled to me and said he will check . he then went and stood by the manager for 10 min . till i walked over and asked the manager about my issue and he told me that the $ 6 wash was only a touch up wash ? ! ? ... so they advertise a $ 6 wash but the fine print of it is ( if your vehicle is clean ) .	2093
1	i came into the french grocery during the first day of their soft opening . they were almost sold out of pastries , but their kitchen was furiously prepping lunch . i 'm looking forward to great things coming from the french grocery . i 'm very excited that a new grocer is back , and hopefully can produce great food to keep the crowds consistently coming back for more .	1160
0	crabby cashier ... evelyn.. ? ... did n't greet me . did n't speak to me through my entire transaction . heck , she did n't even tell me the total ! ! hello ? ? ? when there are 4 grocery stores equal distance from my house , you really should be nice or at the very least , talk to your customers ! !	3894
1	i have always like menards but i am now even more impressed with them . my daughter was preparing for her upcoming move with a garage full of new purchases including 3 brand new ceiling fans . during our recent flash flood her garage was flooded ruining multiple things , including her new fans still in the boxes . she went to menards , explained what happened , and they said `` get them out of your car will exchange them '' ! ! ! what great customer service , they could have said 'no ' and she totally would have understood . way to go menards .	3780
0	if you do n't mind wading through the drunks and homeless to get inside , this might work for you . dirty , layout is weird and customer service is non-existent . i will drive farther to go to a better location .	2141
1	if your plane does n't leave till one in the morning this is where you should go . best chinese foot massage ever ! ! ask for summer .	2399
0	i have a blast evertime i go to dos . the only downfall for me is the dj plays the same music everytime ! seriously has the same playlist and ive asked him to play certain songs and he says he will ... ..buuuut doesnt . i know alot of people who go there and say the same ! so listen up owners ... ... .add more music ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! maybe a suggestion box or ballot forms ? we buy a drink , we get to pick a song ! just a thought	704
0	deserves 0 stars ! never have pizza ready . they always say `` can i get another pep please '' ? there is no hot & ready about it ! i have been at different times & walked out each time . even complained to corporate website about this location twice & never received a response . i would n't wait for this pizza . will never return . and there was one of those tacky sign twirlers out front the other day . trashy ! maybe if they lived p to the hot & ready concept , they would sell some pies . poorly run business .	519
1	seriously , the best chinese buffet i 've ever had . it does not have a huge selection ( it 's a smaller place ) , but everything it has is great . i love the mei fun noodles and fried scallops . they also have a variety of chicken dishes that are terrific . i come here twice a week .	167
1	have a little cousin who works as a cook there . they 're open late which is really convenient . clean facility and excellent customer service . the burgers are expensive and take forever but the manager is very kind and appreciative . got hellcats , grilled jalapeños , fries , onion rings and waters . over 6 oz of freshly ground beef which i believe is halal . extensive menu with a lot of creative toppings . it 's delicious .	1337
0	they told me an hour and 15 minutes . it 's been 2 and a half ... .and counting . it 's maddening . their excuse ? `` oh , one of the managers left and did n't tell the other manager it needed to get done. '' . wtf ? ! waste of time and $ 95 .	127
0	i came into this store very excited . i played with some of the dogs and they were great but the workers sadly were n't a huge help . lots of them would stand around the cash register talking instead of going around the store making sure everyone 's ok . it was very hard to get there attention . other then that it 's good .	1894
1	great place and awesome results . i love the space suction machine is a full work out and you can totally see changes .	749
1	fast prompt service and congenial helpful drivers .	2531
1	les plus belles filles de montréal ! nice lesbian show ! nice staff , the barmaid at the bar in the back is the best , nice lookin girls , nice dances , not really expensive ! i recommend it	3175
0	strip facing rooms will hear the unshielded music from carnival court . which is great , do n't get me wrong , but does n't end until 3:30 am . so any plans to sleep before then are futile . duct tape on the carpet ; ladies do n't wear the f-me pumps drunk . you will trip . i was there beginning of april , main elevator bank out of order . huge lines to use the two smaller elevator banks . o'shea 's is back and all pretty now . not the same at all . still my favorite haunt . book at your own risk , and ask for a non-strip facing room .	2976
1	i came here after work with only 45 minutes till they closed and they were happy to help . scott gave such care and attention to detail that the end result was amazing ! the inside was very clean and newly updated . i highly recommend !	3309
0	this is the absolute worst wendy 's in the entire country . its dirty inside and out . not to mention , we have found hair in our food . i can not believe the owner would allow this place to be this gross . wonder what the sanitation grade is ?	509
1	amazing ! my daughter and i went on saturday for beignets , which were made to order and super tasty . even better , we purchased some lemon , espresso and peach macaroons for later and those were so delicious ! obviously still gearing up ( empty cases ) but looking forward to the grand opening on july 9th . what a wonderful shop for the downtown area ! my only complaint is that there is not sufficient parking - this place will be super popular and there are only a few spots .	1160
1	ulta over sephora , any day . not only do they have sephora brand products ( urban decay , philosophy , juicy ) but , they also have drugstore items ( revlon , maybelline , etc ) . they have tools for hair , nails , and even a salon . fun place for any girlie girl = )	2479
1	they were great . i came in and they help me right away . they had what i needed . they answered all my questions and help set up all the apps for the new phone .	1032
1	i have come here multiple times for a full detailing , and they always do a wonderful job . my car is always left sparkling clean , and smelling great . i will continue to come here .	1502
0	not coming back . got a haircut i did n't want . he even lined my front edge . i never get my front edged ! ! ! he did n't even ask . said i should have told him . it was not what i wanted . i will continue to look elsewhere . the journey is long and treacherous at times . but a good barber is hard thing to find !	3469
0	seriously - i get it . it 's a busy place . but really , how much does it cost to train your people on customer service ? i do n't mind waiting - i did n't have an appointment . waiting 2 hours was a bit much . none of this is as bad as dealing with completely disorganized and rude staff . if you honestly do n't care about people , why do you do this job ? ? ? ?	1077
0	worst ever ! ! ! made appointment for covered wellness exam ... they scheduled tests not covered by my insurance ... $ 900.00 later , worst place ever !	3349
1	best bagels , bialys and potato pancakes ! we 've lived in the valley for 30 years and this was our first visit ... . we are now customers for life ! ! great to bring a little east coast to my life every now and then ! ! excellent and authentic ! ! great service , too !	325
0	while we were waiting for our food a cockroach crawled across the seat behind my daughters head .	7
0	nasty kimchee rice.. soggy . i asked for chicken and they gave me beef . btw i am allergic . never going there again	435
0	ship to store review** avoid this store as a pickup location at all cost . my mother ordered a few items ( in different orders ) for me to pick up for the kids . i made 3 trips , as i am fairly close , wanted to see what my mom purchased as we rarely have the same taste , and the items came in over a 2 day span . anyway , the first day i told the representative i had 8 orders to pick up . he printed the pick up slips one at a time and went to the back 8 times instead of printing them all and bring back all the items at once .	223
1	very nice customer service . a lot of chinese food i want . chinese speaking let me feel warm and sounds go home at that moment .	3269
1	this is a great place for brunch if you are super hungry . food is nice , not too delicate , but the portion is huge . i like the smoothies too and it 's such a good starter to kick off a great weekend day . the problem is , if you order both smoothie and a brunch dish , you will eventually waste a lot of food . the californian style omelette is just so so and i do n't recommend it .	243
0	burger was pretty bland . girl at the counter was very friendly . would not go back for the food .	1461
1	sea salt carmel frap w/ a shot is the best ever ! ! ! great staff and a clean environment . only draw back is there is not a drive thru window .	3154
0	this place is `` fresh '' , but no longer open 24 hours so no longer `` easy '' . your nearby 24 hour options are neighborhood market at kyrene-ray , walmart near chandler mall , and walgreens & cvs at warner-dobson .	3392
0	i thought we had freedom of speech in america . when i wrote the last review , i did n't say anything that was n't true . at that time . so why would i be threatened with physical violence from the bartender ? reviews are meant just that a review thats all i did and now you want to threaten me for freedom of speech it just makes your bar look bad sorry you have to go through that javier	850
0	walked in to grab a 2 samosas to curb my hunger . me : hi ! can i have 2 beef samosas warmed up please . girl at the counter : 1 beef samosa ? me : no two beef samosas please . girl at the counter : warmed up ? me : yes ... .ugh the samosas themselves were terrible . hardly fresh , not crispy , too salty . never eating samosas from here again .	1731
0	only picked this delicious beer because it was on sale . yet when the cashier checked me out it rang up higher . i had to go snap a picture to prove it . cashier fixed the problem . not a bad experience , but not great . no smile , no how are you , no have a good night . i get as much interaction and satisfaction from a vending machine .	3107
0	dissapointed , i will give it another month and go gain . half of the pizza 's that came out were burnt and had huge bubbles . there are way better pizza places in the northwest , i am going back to northside nathan 's .	192
0	been here a few times and always enjoyed the meal . but as far a background music goes . playing songs with curse words in them when it suppose to be a family business from what i understand is not where i wan na bring my daughter to next time or anyone with children so they can learn such words as the f word and the s word . needs a better song mix	1566
1	lunch here today . was nice out so sat outside . great service , good food . had the blackened shrimp tacos . decent option for watching carb intake . also had the wedge salad with ranch dressing . always one of my favorite salads . my wife and i ate at the location in cuyahoga falls a few months ago and loved it , so when i saw this place , i had to stop . keep up the good work !	632
0	do not be pressured by the delivery man to accept poor lumber . i ended up signing and writing a check but the majority of the lumber i ordered was so splintered it ruined my project . i 'm sorry i ordered from pauls ace hardware and did not go to home depot .	2697
1	had a monthly pass since they opened for all my vehicles . the workers are always friendly and happy to see you back . and having free vacuums is such a bonus . for less than $ 20 a month i can go through and clean my car everyday . worth the money and with the dust and dirt in the area always blowing in the wind so nice to clean your car in less than 10 minutes .	2939
1	overall great experience with these guys ! they were the only company in my area that actually followed through with my inquiry about building my pool and they also maintained this contact throughout the construction process . every person i came in contact with with extremely polite and helpful with all of my question . thanks again for my awesome pool !	3833
1	good music . good drinks.mgreat creme brûlée .	3295
1	presley is my go to for hair . i get compliments all the time on my hair . ive been seeing her for over 3 years . now all of my family now go to see her . she is very professional and loves doing color . she 's open to anything but will always make sure my hair is n't compromised in the process . i love changing it up . i promise you will not be disappointed she is fabulous .	384
1	food was very good . the service was fast and friendly . the price is on par with most mexican restaurants . the restaurant was clean and pleasant .	189
1	came here because of the reviews and it did not disappoint . pricing is on point you get what you pay for ! and you leave satisfied kat did my full set and it looks so goood ! definitely coming back . my nails have n't looked this good in while so thank you for making me look this good again	2326
0	this place is ok , nothing to scream home about . went in this morning got an ice coffee charged extra .50 just for flavor . also got a ham and cheese croissant and it was burnt ! ! ! ! how do you burn croissants ! ! i should have checked before i pulled off but seriously who burns croissants ! the top was so hard sounds like i 'm biting chips . then to top it off i look in the inside i see no cheese and a strip of ham ! like wtf ! $ 6.88 for both items i feel ripped off . lesson learned wo n't be back here .	3137
0	i walked in one day and the girl who was doing my simple hair cut did n't know what she is suppose to do.. i asked the other girl to help and she did ok job after words . it was ok but still not enough for $ 55 i paid . i can not say about everyone at that place but my experience was simply horrible .	1617
1	delivery is available on ubereats . highly recommend less sugar on okinawa brown sugar milk tea as it 's quite overly sweet with full sugar . pudding milk tea comes with jelly-like pudding , not the regular soft egg/milk pudding like other bbt places .	344
1	i needed to donate some clothes so i showed up here and everybody was super friendly and took all my clothes and things that i needed for my car it was really hot and i really appreciate the hard work that the workers are doing ! i will be back to this location for sure	1657
1	this venue is a step above every other venue in regards to customer safety , and sound . the precautions taken are necessary , friendly , and swift . most shows are all ages , so liquor control is a priority . tyler and dennis are friendly and prompt . ask them for the special .	17
1	was welcomed when i entered the store great staff , kayla and brad have the place looking very professional and clean from when we checked in back in april . the facility looks amazing , smells great and the security gate was working correctly . kayla and brad explained the closing out procedures and also reminded me that the locks could most likely be used again if i was to return to this store . it was a great 9 months , my belongings were dry and in the same shape i left them . thank you to the staff and brad and kayla for making this a good experience . we would rent a locker at this facility again no question . michael harmony	3521
1	we love this place . service is always good and food is delicious . korean pancake and meat chun are my favorites .	435
1	on the hunt for a go to nail shop . they have tons of gel nail colors and on the swatches they have the brand so if you are picky about that or looking for a specific color it would make it easier to find . good solid basic pedi . they have everything clearly listed on what you get . i would go back . reasonable prices , $ 18 pedi , $ 20 gel mani	3274
1	the alfred angelo staff are incredible ! ! warren , ashley & anna went above and beyond to help make our wedding day perfect . after a erroneous ordered bride 's maid dress ( incorrect size ) . warren , ashley & anna did all they could to replace the dress in the very short window we had before the wedding . not only did they accomplish getting a new sized custom order bride 's maid dress , but they were exceptionally professional and apologetic . highly recommended ! i 'd give them 6 stars for customer service if i could !	3737
1	i 've been in search of a great barber shop for some time . i 've tried almost every shop with 4 stars or above , and still , never found a truly great haircut . where my search logic was flawed was in that i was hyper-focused on price . yes , sport clips ' full-service cut is more than i would normally want to spend . yes , it was worth it ! a truly custom experience . easily , the cleanest salon i 've ever been a customer at . they ask the right questions , they listen to you , and they 're not finished until you are satisfied . stop looking , guys . this is your barber shop .	1030
1	ohhhh the giant cookies , soooo good . when the place is not packed be sure to try a sandwich , they are good . but most times we get the cookies to go , can not recommend them enough .	390
1	this place is legit ! if you want a real old school diner with great food , this is the spot ! cheap normally is n't a good word but this place is reallly affordable and you get a lot for your money . the manager there , rodolfo will bend over backwards to make all his customers happy ! he needs a raise ! !	1461
0	i think it changed owners since the last time i was there ... .not sure ... they used to have delicious homemade italian pasta or lasagna and no authentic pastas were even on the menu . i was looking forward to it too and was quite disappointed .	423
1	my family and i came here on a tuesday night after my sister 's choir service at st. paul 's . we were given a table quickly and the service was polite . the service was snappy and fast , and the atmosphere was relaxing and cultured . food was great as always !	177
1	i love this place . clean and delicious food . we got a lot of to go goodies for our road trip . the prepared food were fresh , hot and yummy ! the fermented crab is a must try : )	715
1	best restaurant in pittsburgh . bring a couple of great vintage italian wines and let them bring you chefs choice of food .	423
0	this winchell 's location is just ok . growing up in la , winchell 's was my donut joint of choice for quite some time , but this one is n't as amazing as the ones i remember back home . i usually only end up here after a late night of grubbing down in chinatown and craving some sweet to balance out the savory . the donuts are ok , but you can tell they do n't bake fresh throughout the day . the staff is friendly and there is usually quite a selection , but not the best donut . it 's good for what it is , but if i 'm really craving a good donut , i 'll be heading elsewhere .	614
1	i 'm a mobile orderer and love ordering from this starbucks ! the staff is the sweetest and my drinks are always , always made correctly . the barista ( older man ) is such a sweetheart . the barista who is younger with dark hair is very generous with orders as well . it is a small location but being in a downtown i do n't expect it to be any bigger . it 's perfectly located between businesses and restaurants . one downside is parking can be difficult . i suggested mobile ordering and quickly parking on the curb !	438
0	this is an eagle rider franchise which had nowhere near the same level of service as i had in other stores . to say it lightly the manager who served me was extremely rude . did n't even offer me insurance . my bike was poorly inspected , headlights were not working and stand was defective . given i take some of the reasponsibility for not inspecting myself but i was too excited to ride . they do offer really cool bikes though which you will not find anywhere else but be carefull what they advertise on their website is not necessarily what you will get .	94
1	came here for parties here a few times . staff is always super nice . pretty swanky for me . i prefer a place where hookers and pimps usually yelling by a cadillac parked outside and you can may or may not get rocks delivered . if i stay i will update my review but 4 stars is good for a hotel ... .	3337
1	these are the best burritos i 've ever had ! so many flavors ! mexi fries are bomb aswell !	1474
0	i scheduled them via my home warranty company , old republic , to repair my oven . they scheduled me a week out ... okay ... and then the morning they were due to come they texted me saying `` the tech '' had a family emergency and ca n't make it until friday . life happens , i get it . but you have a company to run . get more techs ! what i do n't understand is that this company clearly has issues and a poor reputation -- why are the home warranty companies using them ? !	118
1	just had all our patio couches , chairs and lounges recovered . with a little guidance from designer who showed us a wide range of sunbrella fabrics and designs , we chose aruba , a georgous turquoise . our old cushions were picked up and new beautiful ones delivered at our convenience . i can not express enough the awesome job they did to make our patio and pool areas come to life . they have extremely competitive pricing . i gave them a five star rating and would give them a ten if possible . thank you to an awesome and professional company .	3828
1	this place is absolutely amazing . the people serving are extremely friendly and they have a wide variety of wine and beer to choose from . 65+ wines and 45+ beers . great neighborhood bar ! i 'll definitely be back !	997
1	the wait times are minimal , they are the same co-pay as if i were seeing my pcp , and they have all my records at their fingertips . what could be better ? oh ! the staff , the doctors , the assistants ? all very very nice ! !	3883
1	came in on a tuesday , they open nice and early . very reasonable prices and great product .	3599
1	my first oil change since arriving in phoenix . thank you for fast , friendly & efficient service . i liked having options & recommendations . even though some of the recommended replacement product are pricey the value added service makes up for it .	2881
0	little coxwell . i just found out why they are pho.is richer in color and a little bit thicker but not clear at all . knor swiss now makes pho powder as in instant fall in that great big yellow can tell it 's all base is no natural ingredients in it that 's where i could n't finish it the other day . it 's all chemicals . when i was eating it i could tell . but just to make sure i look in the kitchen and saw a great big can of instant knor swiss pho mix . that 's just plain laziness and a product is not good	594
1	we 're visitors from california , and we were having some car trouble , we stopped at the auto zone to check what the engine light was , daniel and jose were very helpful . we needed some extra tools , and without any hesitation they helped out . very thankful for their great customer service , and a plus is that their bilingual . it was a pleasant visit .	424
1	walked into roots on a sunday afternoon stroll . enjoyed a light brunch with delicious coffee . the ambiance was great.for brunch i tried the latkes with two sunny side up eggs and lightly swirl with sour cream . the staff at roots was amazing and welcoming . will definitely be back soon to try the local brew and wine .	308
0	if you are a thai food lover , you probably have better then this place . i love pad thai and i do n't like theirs . its not as flavor as it should be . everything else is just okay , but not so great and kind of pricey for the quality of the food . service is also just okay . all in all i have yet to find a good thai restaurant in the charlotte area !	895
0	wish i could give negative 5 stars . purchased their groupon , the scammers wanted me to spend 40 dollars to get $ 10 free . not buy $ 10 get $ 10 free that the groupon was for . do n't sell a groupon if you do n't want to honor it ! wasted an hour of my time driving to and from the store . ( groupon refunded my money ) stay away from these scammers ! ! ! !	3507
1	great value for the money . very friendly staff . free upgrade and the car ran great . i was impressed .	3576
1	anytime garage doors was recommended to me by a friend , but i was a little nervous because of all the negative reviews on here . i was soooo impressed by their service ! i was given a 2 hour time slot at a convenient time on the day after i called . the technician arrived within the first half hour of my time slot . he was very friendly and professional . the work was completed quickly , thoroughly , and neatly . i felt like he was being very honest with me about costs and what needed to be done . i was so pleased with the whole experience !	3291
1	donuts were ok ... not bad , but also not great , perhaps because i came later in the evening . what made this location stand out was the customer service . nicest young man behind the counter . very attentive to his customers even though we hung around for a couple of hours and my husband did work on his computer . we will be coming back to such a welcoming spot .	1774