1	oh my gosh.. bombbbbbbbb ! ! ! this place is so amazing ! ! the food is incredible ! i have had almost everything on the menu . they have milk shake happy hour every day between 3 p.m. and 5 p.m. with half price milkshakes . the first time you go in , tell them its your first time and they will give you a sample of all of their different sauces . my two favorite are sweet heat and creamy garlic . the staff is incredibly friendly and personable . the restaurant is clean and the hand washing station is pretty neat . go check it out you will not be disappointed !	998
0	read up on shabu if you are n't familiar with it . it helps to have an idea . went here for my birthday . my friends thought we would try something different . it was nice to change it up . i 'm not an expert so i ca n't honestly say how this place compares to other shabu restaurants . i can only say that it is n't a place that i would frequent . the service was excellent . i 'm just not a fan of shabu , but the overall experience was a good one for my birthday .	285
0	worst mojito i have ever had , do they know what they are doing ? there was no syrup in it , it was just flat alcohol with soda , very nasty ; presentation wise , it was horrible as well . there was a shrunken leave `` hanging '' on the glass , was that supposed to be the garnish ?	1110
0	we came in on the same day as a jeep thing and everyone else was 2nd to them ! ! the bar tender was so rude and did n't even want to hear my complaint . i will never come back here and ill tell my friends to never go there ! !	1487
1	good coffee shop in the palazzo . the blended beverages had a very good flavor . average selection of baked goods and no warmer for bagels . also it was n't the fastest services ... but the convenience if you are staying at the palazzo is worth it .	2397
1	i 've had a capital one credit card for at least 20 years , and it 's one of my favorite businesses to deal with . always professional and great at sending out verification notices if they suspect fraud charges ... great company ! !	3236
0	absolutely appalling customer service . i waited almost a half as hour to exchange a tool and every one they had in stock was also broken . complete garbage . the staff seems completely uninterested in long wait and lines . i watched other customers stand and wait equally long for tools from the back warehouse . if you go , do n't be in a hurry and fully expect to return half of what you buy .	2267
1	i frequent this place about once a week when i just need a quick snack . they have lots of options to choose from and the bagels are always fresh . the staff is also super friendly : )	477
1	i 've always liked this place i think their burgers are way better than mcd . can get quite a few for around $ 4 but drunks are extra . my favorite is probably the portabella mushroom but i 've tried almost all of the different ones they offer and they are all good . chili is n't bad either . we never have any long wait here and of course they have one of the best milk shake around plus you can get them for half price during the week if you come at a certain time . i think between 1-4pm or something like that . staff here bas always been good to us and friendly . will be back again .	1068
1	let me tell you something , they make the best pho in the valley period ! feel free to order p3- '' double meat '' , great ! everything else is very good as well , and the prices are very reasonable . make sure you get there before the lunch rush otherwise be prepared to wait for a table .	205
0	would never ever recommend this place to anyone ! ! went in for pedicure and eyebrow wax and at the end of my pedicure she told me the lady who does waxing not in today ! ! should have told me before and would have gone to my regular place . know i have to go somewhere else and make an extra stop ! ! thank you for the inconvenience ! thank you for purposely taking my money first knowing what my needs were . so so unprofessional ! !	854
0	wish i could give no stars . we purchased a couch in july of 2015 . great service when purchasing , but that later changed . in february of 2016 , the frame broke in one corner and a spring popped . we called living spaces several times before even getting to talk to someone . and it took several more times to have a tech come out and evaluate the damage . the tech stated that it could be repaired . after no one called after 2 weeks , i called them . then i was told that they would not repair or replace the sofa . they said to buy a new couch . all they want is money !	2071
1	first timer , staff was awesome to work with . wait staff was perfect . family had a great time golfing . food was really good too . was nervous that it would be bar food at 9am when we went , pleasantly surprised with the breakfast selection available . kids had french toast and fruit . food was excellent . definitely be back !	1483
1	my favorite of all department stores ... ..shoe department is pretty good , especially during the anniversary sales !	1907
1	michael cordova and his law firm have helped my family in court on more than one occasion . the same level of professionalism , competence , and urgency has never left since we first hired them . they are dutiful in the areas of communication and accounting . whenever we have questions or concerns , they are answered within 24 hours . whenever we need paperwork , it is promptly signed off on and sent to the appropriate place . they remain compliant and this has benefited us in several cases . my family is very thankful ! best , bethany	3169
1	i am impressed with the professionalism of martin . he gave a five star service . he gave tips on how to maintain plumbing . he cares .	2748
0	i decided to try this place as i was on the go last sunday . what a disappointment it was for me ! the caucasian male barista/cashier was really rude and needs customer services training ! he did n't smile nor properly greeted me or the lady ahead of me ! i ordered the americano , in which he callously said `` we are out of that '' without apologizing . when i asked him what another item was on the menu and he was annoyed to have to answer my question . needless to say that i will not return to waste my money !	2219
0	the place could be more clean and staff more hospitable . the area had some smell . pizza is not great , raw at center . not returning again .	581
0	received a random email from them for a move ... the price was interesting and so i decided to call . they told me that the lady in charge was absent ( if she even exist ) and the most obnoxious little prick try to give me attitude because he could n't find my phone number to match the quote ... ... good luck with that kind of business !	3114
1	i have been here twice and both times i left feeling better than when i walked in.. staff is quick , pleasant and mostly attentive . the doctor does n't spend much time with u but , i guess that 's why it 's considered a `` quick care '' . on my second visit i did need an x-ray so it took a little bit longer which is understandable . i recommend this place to anyone in need of quick care.. locals , tourists , whatever . the fact that they are open 24 hours and take my insurance that i pay for through work.. i have no reason to go anywhere else .	2618
0	we were told this course was in great shape , then we arrive to notice after hole # 1 that the course is n't even real grass . it 's bermuda grass which is far more difficult to shoot off of . other than that it was pretty open and forgiving if you were to push one to the right or hook to the left . also very confusing to drive on the cart paths if you have never played there before . they need much better signage .	85
0	overpriced , miserable excues for a bar . 2 bud lights and 2 waters = $ 30.00 .	456
0	this place is scary and ghetto . first pulled up and the gal is pressuring about repairing a tiny crack even though my boyfriend said no then saying `` progressive is a pain in the ass anyway '' waiting in the convenient store/dmv and two employees are arguing about shifts right in front of me . then two more employees are yelling at each other and cursing loudly in the bay area . i was very uncomfortable and felt like i would be caught in the middle of a senseless fight or something . will not ever come back here again .	88
0	my parents ordered couches to be delivered to their home . upon arrival , they informed my mother that they would not move her old couches out of the way and just left two huge sofas in her living room with her two old sofas . she obviously could n't get around her house with all of the furniture and so she tried for several hours to move the couches , moving other furniture about and what not . i am so angry about this , i am shaking . how dare you not move these couches for my mother . that is your job ! they knew this was what was expected from them .	1794
0	this office is run very poorly . they never answer the phone and wo n't call you back forcing you to drive to their office to communicate with them .	1541
0	do n't come on your lunch break . took way too long . i have to go back to work and my food just came . food was messed up . disappointed . probably wo n't come back	1397
0	do n't ever use a credit or debit card here they hacked mine and a friend 's cards ! ! ! chicken fried rice is the bomb just pay with cash though it 's worth it . 0 stars for stealing my money but 5 star fried rice . 1 star customer service they suck here lol	1014
1	i have been seeing dr. torres as i get ready for my first baby . i have really enjoyed him as a doctor and have really felt like he taken his time to answer all my questions . i also met with sylvia a few times and she was also great . i gave them four stars however because several times i waited in the waiting room for close to an hour after my scheduled time . the office staff was n't always overly friendly or helpful . they often seemed very busy and acted like it was inconvenience to answer my questions .	3059
0	went in after calling and leaving message about purchasing a new arctic cat utv and no one would help me and was ignored by entire staff that was walking around talking to each other . will take my business elsewhere .	2601
0	great food ; the cod dish is phenomenal , as are the patatas bravas ( sp ? ) . service was horrible . there were 2 servers for the entire restaurant , fairly disorganized , with one server thinking the other had taken care of us . there are far too many amazing restaurants to deal with shoddy service .	1167
0	slop in a bright orange bowl . if you are craving chinese food , skip this place .	209
0	spent quite a bit for a haircut and still came out with split ends . not worth the money .	2340
1	huge selection of knives . owner and staff very knowledgeable . willing to take time to help you with your purchase . awesome store .	2927
0	this place has gone to hell ! i just paid $ 12.00 for a plate of fat and grissle , smothered in cheese . they call this carne azteca . not the first meal i 've complained about either . ever since martin left , this place is mediocre at best . we used to love their food . now we 're just happy if its edible ! i guess they think these small town gringos do n't know the difference between good food and garbage . we 'll just smother it in queso , and they 'll love it . get your shit together , and have some pride in your work .	1518
1	absolutely amazing ! ! ! ! ! the food was so delicious and we had such an amazing time ! ! the family that owns amalfi 's are such sweet and welcoming people ! ! we ca n't wait to go back the 40min drive is most definitely worth it !	768
0	old , overpriced , and hard to find . that 's all i can say about this place . skip it , ignore it , do n't waste your time ; get it on dvd in the worst case scenario !	2061
1	we arrived about 30 mins before they closed with intentions of just browsing . we ended up furnishing basically our whole new house . maria walked around with us and helped us pick out our furniture and the manager maricella hooked us up with amazing prices . she kept giving us more discounts and let us pick out accessories that did not come with the furniture sets . they were very patient with us and stayed until 11pm helping us when they closed at 9 . they were very nice and friendly and everything has been delivered on time and without damage .	1794
0	do not come here ! ! i came here to get my eyebrows done and it literally took the lady 2 minutes . i 've been growing my eyebrows out and they were finally nice . the lady just completely took my eyebrows off . now i just have two uneven lines on my face and she arched one of them ! ! i will definitely not be returning here . i hate when people rush at their jobs or just do n't care . like you 're messing up people 's appearances now i 'll have to draw my brows on everyday . i literally cried the entire way home .	3806
1	jessika checked my car in and had me on my way quickly , she had a big smile on her face and was amazingly friendly . will definitely make this my go to location in the future !	78
1	greatest experience i have ever had booking a flight . 1 ) you can still obtain frequent flyer points with your airline , which is awesome 2 ) i phone and they picked up instantly 3 ) my rate was no longer available , but they quickly found me an alternate route for the same price , within my very tight time constraints 4 ) they were able to book on the phone 5 ) i accidentally hung up , but they phoned me back twice ( i went ahead and booked online because i was worried i would lose the flight anyway ) seriously - this woman was fantastic ! !	1574
1	who 's your daddy ? ! ... love love ! ... the sushi tried every where else , nothing comes close to this place ... . food is awesome ! ...	408
1	excellent cold pilot grigio , and a very nice quinoa salad , not your usual thought , as i like lots of lettuce , and less quinoa . so it was perfect for my liking . and deliciously cold . great for a hot summer day . great for a pub style atmosphere .	480
1	i love the salmon bowl , a great choice for those who love raw salmon , and the katsu bowl is great for kids or those who are shy about asian food .	131
1	i needed to return a pair of shoes that had been worn twice . i was worried they would n't except them in exchange for something else but the manager angel was awesome to work with . he made the return and exchange very easy . his level of customer service and support speaks volumes . because of this experience i will be sure to give the az mills footlocker my business whenever i 'm in the market for a new pair of shoes . much respect for angel . give him a raise !	2348
0	i usually order a coffee from here when flying out . i switched up my routine and ordered a flat white . i was served essentially a cappuccino . i will go back to just getting coffee from this starbucks . staff was friendly , so they have that going for them .	3124
0	we used to frequent the total wine in summerlin . i always enjoyed the spectacular customer service and wonderful selection . there is a distinct difference with the new location on centennial . zero customer service . zero . in an area where there are two major liquor/wind stores within a mile radius , this is surprising . looks like we are new customers of the competitor . never again .	3199
1	my family had a christmas party this past week and the food was incredible . the amount of food that we received allowed us to have lunch for the following day . the atmosphere is inviting and our servers mary and janette were amazing . so friendly and helpful and lots of smiles . we will definitely be back again . the owner was seen walking around saying hi to people which is rare now a days . it was nice to see someone taking pride in their business . keep up the great work .	1386
0	do i even bother to give a review since your management just commented that whatever review is up here will just get taken down if it is negative ? not accountable - stay away	2682
1	i 've been here twice to this same location . the first time i was n't impressed and would probably give it three stars at the time . i came again last week and ordered the market hash ... oh my god it is the best thing ever . so so flavorful . must have ... go ... now ! anyway , they have a decent menu , something for everyone . whether you are a health nut or someone who just does not give a _____ , you will find something you like . service here is great , they can get busy but they do not neglect you . everyone is friendly . prices are fair and portions are filling .	1258
1	i use to come here a lot and it was not good service at all so i stopped coming but the last half year i have had one of the best continuos service that you can get at a bar . alex is probably one of the best bartenders you can get . only reason is 4 stars is because they switched their happy hour menu but it does not reflect on their customer service	1520
0	this place is the worst . i went around ten on saturday night and it was packed . it seems the place is intended to cater to rapey , nickelback-loving , popped-collar misogynists and the women who love them . there is no place to sit , no place to talk ( because it is loud ) and zero ambience . to its credit , though , i was served quickly ( because there were like 3000 bartenders ) and it was n't that expensive , but it would take much , much more than that for me to ever return to rape-central again .	1966
1	had my dog neutered there and not only was it a great price they took excellent care of my dog . drop off at 730 am and pick up at 330 pm .	2864
0	i would give these guys negative stars if i could . after going through a dispute over the long delayed delivery of my furniture , the owner called me and cussed me out repeatedly . do yourself a favor and find another dealer .	217
1	so good ! delicious noodle soups of different varieties . spicy dishes are actually a bit spicy . the mushroom and short rib is comfort food .	1329
1	this restaurant is clean , the service is very professional , and the food is good . i had the mango chicken and i recommend it .	1425
0	well this walgreen 's has all the stuff it needs for a pharmacy quick grab but i find that the employees at this location just do n't care . did you see that period over there , yeah this is just a job that they are here to get the pay check and that is it . i am not impressed and look forward to walgreen 's recovery at another location . i do want to mention that the pharmacy is very interactive and commutative and is a 360 from what the retail side of this store is . highly recommend the pharmacy	2871
0	i like donuts . not an expert but i definitely have had a good donut now and then . i heard about this place and anticipated that it would be great with all the fun toppings . it was n't . not really worth the drive across town . only positive thing hung are the hours ... maybe i ordered the wrong donuts or went on an off day . tasted kind of stale	2053
0	if you 're in ahwatukee , just go to the fry 's on chandler blvd instead . this fry 's has a smaller selection , is not as well-stocked and they often shut down the regular checkout lines at night , forcing you to use the self checkout lines . not fun when you 've got a full cart .	1967
1	this location does exist and is open for business ! it 's next to jersey mikes sandwich shop ! open 9-5 mon- thurs , 9-6 friday and 10-2 on saturday .	3054
0	pay for wash that has top roller , second consecutive time attendant did n't turn switch for top roller back on . getting ripped off on what i 'm paying for .	2939
1	i stopped by this hospital to do a drop in tour as a prospective employee , i did n't announce who i was when i signed in ; i was given a tour by a house supervisor who was very friendly & honest about the history of staff , building and services offered . i was impressed by the interactions i witnessed with pt . care and staff . i have been in this industry for 8 years and have worked for multiple companies and i can say promise phoenix ltac in mesa az . is very bright , friendly and attentive to pt care .	2413
1	i had a great time at this hotel while at the kraftmaid experience . only reason i did n't give 5 stars is the process for checking out was slow . when i asked for a receipt for the hold they put on my card , the girl insisted i did n't need one . then she printed out the room receipt , not the hold . bed was comfy , bathroom was n't too clean and the shower head was pointed out the shower so i got soaked just turning the shower on to heat the water .	3522
1	i prefer this location since it sometimes has a 5 minute wait . nice inside , somewhat helpful . i like verizon overall and especially now that they carry the iphone .	3179
1	awesome place to bring the kids . staff was amazing . my son ended up getting bumped and verria was so helpful and was so accommodating . i will definitely be back and recommend to friends	1095
1	the best pizza in vegas . if you like thick crust , you have to try the metro thick crust . it is amazing . the only negative with this place is the price , but sometimes you get what you pay for .	192
1	this was my first visit to a pickle barrel and i am now dreaming of when i can go back . service was impecible , food was absolutely delicious . highly recommend .	534
1	love this place ! i came in 30 min before closing and needed a pedi and full set , also my daughter wanted a mani and pedi and they took us without question , were quick , and did a wonderful job ! ivy is the best ! she made sure we were seen quickly and offered my daughter and i a drink while we were being taken care of . a great experience ! i will definitely be returning ! thank you ivy ! ! !	655
0	supposly this place closed at 10 i came at 9:48 and it is closed ... they closed earlier than they suppose to close ... yelp said they closed at 10:00 i drove to this place after work and it was closed ... i 'm so mad	721
1	after a bad experience with a different company with a very rude technician , i was very happy to have found zhora , he is the best technician i 've ever worked with , i 've been in vegas since 1997 . i wish more technicians are like him , very knowledgeable , nice and punctual and he sent me a text when he was on his way , very professional ! ! ! ask for him whenever you need appliances repair , he 's patient in explaining everything that needs to be done and his suggestions are very helpful . thanks zhora for all your help fixing my dryer ! ! !	3885
0	hands down the worst chicken wings i ( or anyone at my table ) has ever had . they were 1/4 the size of normal wings and were more breading than meat . i asked for buffalo sauce and they gave me some weird concoction i 've never tasted before . the server did n't know what was on tap and mumbled in the loud restaurant until i gave up on asking her to repeat herself . the owner/manager marched around overtly looking at us and our food which was kind of awkward .	2732
1	very nice food . complete value for money . we ordered for king pao chicken , orange chicken , veg chowmin . everything was delicious . would eat again when visit chandler .	237
0	i love steak n shake but this location lacks all the fundamentals that are practiced at the other locations . their milkshakes are soupy , the need to be trained on the breakfast menu pricing since everything is n't on the drive thru menu , and they get upset when you question then about misquoting the prices ! one time i ordered a sausage bagel and a breakfast burrito . the had the nerve to use a portion of the patty for the sandwich in the burrito ! unbelievable !	221
1	i 've been taking my 6 month old here for a couple months and although he 's still very young , vanessa , our instructor is always so positive and encouraging . she 's amazing with the children she works with and really pays attention to detail when she gives us our feedback at the end of each class . the facility is clean and the employees at the front desk are always helpful and willing to answer questions .	2521
0	what a scam . they charge you $ 30 to get in ( family of 3 ) then $ 10 a ride and then tow your car ( $ 100 ) . never coming back .	3251
0	went in for a basic wash , left with a repair bill over $ 500 . my whole experience was extremely disappointing from the front end greeters to the owner . i hate dealing with unscrupulous people and businesses .	1502
1	fun city with awesome entertainment . most of the entertainment is for adults but there 's quite a bit you can have kids do .	315
0	horrible service in this place . the lack of customer service shocks me . i have gone there a few times and land up leaving as i ca n't seem to attract service . you see workers talking in groups and just ignoring clients . very sad . this was on the men 's floor .	2979
1	fantastic sushi ! always know i am getting fresh product , great tasting , unique flavors . try the scallop heaven roll ! sashimi is very high quality . they treat their customers very good . they allow you to use the entertainment card unlimited . go there once per week and also pick-up food . they have your food ready pretty quickly . the same sushi `` creators '' behind the main bar for many years now . you know you are getting the same high quality product every visit when the same experienced people are creating your food . best sushi in north hills and could compete for best in pittsburgh .	1326
0	super friendly staff/that 2 employees only , lol , they do not have more/ but food isnt delicious the won ton soup was awful looked like vomit and tasted like that , they mixed everything into the miso base egg yolk and onion ... it was cheap but ended up in the trash therefore waste of money ... ..they were very slow and we had no time waiting for main course so we left , and in the meantime i heard their neighbor came by complaining that the water is leaking and they did not care at all ... poor guy ... lol	734
1	this will be the best deep dish you can get in madison . falbos-eh . pizza extreme-wet mess . we ordered a buffalo chicken pizza with pineapples instead of tomatoes and it was really good . they no longer offer it so we have n't found the opportunity to come back . it is a tad pricey but yummy . we need to address this very serious issue . where are the peppers ? no banana peppers . no jalepeno peppers . those two are extremely delicious and you refuse to offer them , meh i guess i 'll pick somewhere else .	705
1	for a circle k this place has it going on 2nd circle k that has impressed me . it 's close to home so i drop in for a little h2o or the occasional snack ... ..	2563
0	updated version from my prior review . the staff were very pleasant at this location . the work was not good unfortunately the gel mani lasted one day only . by day three i had not one nail intact . my cuticles were trimmed so closer that it was just painful for a week . i would n't go back to this site related to poor quality of the very simple work i had done and no have my cuticles nipped so close that they hurt with a nipper that did not come from a peel packed freaked me out .	1834
1	fuel pizza is usually decent . good drunk food . tonight i visited the college st . location sober and was pretty impressed with the quality of pie and quality of service . no over the top non-sense . just thorough delivery of solid pizza . it was around 9:50- did n't catch names . but goldberg looking fellow that brought out pizza and desserts was hauling ass . he deserves a beer or 8 .	902
1	cute cafe in the plateau . the barista was friendly & chatty . prices were on par with other independent coffee shops in montreal . i tried a turkish coffee - first time i 'd seen it on the menu in a montreal cafe . it was served in a cute cup . i wanted to try their simit but it looked more like a bagel & i had already started the morning with one at st viateur on my walk over . the coffee shop gets pretty busy & the tables are very close together ; it was sometimes hard to focus on my conversation over the noise . i liked the mural outside too .	1144
0	it 's one of two korean grocery stores in las vegas . i can find some stuff only at this store and that is the only reason i go . it 's a bit of a commute , it 's pricey , selection is n't that large and customer service is not a priority . - customer service - 2/5 - product selection - 2/5 - price - 2/5 ( pricey ) $ $ - fresh fish - 3/5 - produce 2/5 ( korean specific produce at times but not always ) - readymade food - 2.5/5 ( hot ) - always keep an eye out for the expiration date !	715
0	i agree with you nisha d. for the past year or so the service has been horrible . i 've only had 2 experiences that were considered ok . the management ca n't seem to handle the staff they hire , the girls are blatantly rude and abrasive with customers . do n't ask questions about the products because you will be ignored . we should boycott the store , there 's no reason to give money to people who ca n't train their staff or discipline them after a complaint is being made . you walk into the store in a happy mood and leave feeling shattered by the rudeness and the lack of customer service training .	2739
1	always friendly . always clean . neighborly . parking never a problem . nice people . good feel .	1072
0	place has shutdown . went today for my normal monthly haircut and place is dark . shame had a great barber in mark who i have been going to for a couple of years .	2136
1	one of the friendliest crew of mechanics i have ever met . it 's hard to just compliment one person when the whole staff was charming ! you ca n't find mechanics like that . most importantly they are honest and they do the job right the first time ! definitely going to have this place my regular place i go to for my lexus !	2981
1	food is always prices could be better and still worth it . sometimes need to double check that your order is correct especially when ordering to go . carne asada is all full of flavor .	857
0	been to a lot of denny 's and this is easily the worst of them all . the biggest beef was seeing our food waiting for easily 10 minutes under the warmer before being delivered to us . the service was slow even though the restaurant was nearly empty . the food was luke warm ( no surprise sitting under the warmers ) , pancakes were crusty on top ( no surprise sitting under the warmers ) , waitress never refilled drinks , and we had to ask for the bill . overall disappointing experience . i 'll be happy to get back my favorite denny 's in san jose , ca .	1504
0	first of all as a true hispanic , this place was nothing to brag about . the salsa was plain and had no kick to it . i had their carne asada burrito and the carne asada was also plain and was not juicy . their chips were too salty . the only thing that was good about it was the water so i can wash it down . finally it was wayyyyy over priced for the quality and taste . if you come here you might as well go to taco bell.the only thing nice about it was the interior of the place and the staff . i will never go back again .	562
1	if you need help in deciding where to look for speech therapy services , look no further than speech therapy center of excellence ! my son has been having sessions with arlene , and even in this short time he has improved greatly . she is very nice and thorough and my son is always so excited to be there , he always tries to run in . after being on their wait list for a while and looking into other places , my husband and i are glad we selected this location . if you need someone that specializes with speech for kids on the autism spectrum or any other special need , give them a call !	2782
0	this company deserves 0 stars . the director of operations angela kelley is not a person you want to deal with she is very arrogant and does not uphold the school policy enforced by bud crawley . she should be let go and replaced by someone with some standards like bud . bud passed away and would be appaulled by the way she is handling his students .	2880
0	terrible service ! last 2 times the waitress disappears and never returns , no drinks , food order was wrong and we had to get the manager to stop and fix it and then we have to chase them down to pay the bill .	201
0	skip this place . to even play in the tubes you have to pay to much . the food sucks . the immature staff are lazy and disrespectful . the kids were alright with it , but they did n't need to pay for the crap service .	1154
0	i really really wanted to love this ! i went there to try the chorizo burrito only to be told they did n't have the chorizo made yet . fair enough so i decided to go with the steak burrito as a second choice . it was good the pico was good cilantro was fresh . steak however was tough and grisely and i found it not to be seasoned at all . bummer . i will probably try again since everybody should get another chance . i hope next time they have the chorizo . till then i can say it 's just ok .	1421
0	never going there again ... i was glad i did n't just munch in cause i was so hungry , cause i found a plastic wrap in my soup bowl and to top it off , it took so long to get to my food . guess i caught them on a bad day .	673
1	love my nails ! patricia is very sweet . when you walk in , there are studios of other beauticians- patricia is in her own suite ( 219 ) so you have your own personal nail salon in a sense ! since you are the only person with her- she is very attentive to your needs- she played a movie that i wanted to watch during my gel pedicure and listened to relaxing music during my gel mani . overall a very beautiful and relaxing experience . 50 % off for new customers ! so my bill for a gel mani and gel pedi was $ 40 . ca n't be beat !	2742
1	i love this frys ! not only its near my house they also run alot of sales . i get the newspaper but they also send me exclusives deal ! we usually buy most of our itmes on this store then used our points at the end of the month on their gas . double whamey ! ! ! the only reason i took 1 star is that they decided to remove the spot where they sell nuts and chocolate covered items , like the one @ sprouts ! other than the change iam very hapoy that i live near this place ! !	3107
0	worst shopping experience ever . the staff in the store is so rude . had to buy some insoles for my scarpas but refused to buy anything else . never going here again .	3339
0	drew is a great guy , but my mechanic did not give me good service . felt rushed out even though my car was n't fully fixed and then steve , i think was his name , tried to charge me additional to look at a fuse behind the radio that was stopping it from working . ended up doing it myself , but service was horrible and unfriendly .	1604
1	awesome service the safelite team , south rainbow in las vegas ! got me in and out in about 40 minutes ! they changed my severely pitted windshield for me and it looks 100 % better than before . making an appointment with them was effortless . i only wish i had it replaced sooner . i will definitely be coming here for my other vehicle 's glass needs and telling others to so as well !	1052
0	worst $ 80 ever spent on my vehicle . all they did was cover everything with armorall . windows were streaked . bugs on the grill . plus it took two hours	127
1	if you are in the area and hungry , there is no better option than to order a quarter chicken and fries and ramados . montreal is home to some of the best portuguese rotisserie restaurants , but none offering charcoal-fired chicken at affordable prices like ramados . the combos are packed with generous servings of chicken , fries , and salad , so there are no worries of leaving unsatisfied . do n't forget to order some natas to finish your meal ! ramados is a take-out restaurant , but there are two or three tables inside . however , there is no better place to enjoy your saucy , charred chicken than the nearby park on a sunny afternoon !	1109
1	love this place ! amazing flavor on the steak . great happy hour deals , even on the steak ! waiters were on top of their game . great service . dessert was perfect ! had to find room for the cheesecake and mini donuts . only complaint : too dark to read the menu . had to use the flashlight on my phone . also saw a couple other tables doing the same thing . other than that ... one of the best steakhouses in vegas !	1414
0	horrible company ! charged me $ 500 to replace the springs on my door . which is more than double what it should have been . installed the wrong springs which cause to much tension on my opener . their stickers are placed all over my door , and i 'm told that they pay people to do this on new and used homes that are for sale so you will call them first . i wish i had looked them up first !	3291
0	i called the other day to make sure they would be open till 6pm . the girl on the phone told me yes . the website says 6 and chickie on the phone said 6 . i had a coupon for a christmas tree ... well guess what ? i got there at 5:30 and they were closed . you suck star nursery . i was going to give u my business because i wanted my christmas tree . home depot got my money instead . again , you suck .	2039
0	unnecessary mark up . went in for a plastic ammo can- $ 25 , and $ 35 for the one with an insert ( $ 10 for an insert ? ) . went home and bought 2 online for $ 30 . free shipping , you know the deal . they have some good supplies but you 're going to pay for it .	233
0	too busy on the weekend , no staff to watch the kids carefully , dodgeball room often not monitored at all . i do n't feel my kids are safe here . also it takes a long time to register at the front , even though i have come a few times before . this will be my last visit .	1664
1	this is my `` go to '' store when i need auto parts/accessories . i come here for gasoline treatment , air filters , replacement windshield wipers , and other stuff . http : //www.yelp.com/biz_photos/qgxtuzc_i8do_p2xd7pp0q ? select=hq6js9srvsjulq1kj_7l4g http : //www.yelp.com/biz_photos/qgxtuzc_i8do_p2xd7pp0q ? select=4_rjsnormz2ssov3xm0kbq the staff here are usually pretty cool and helpful ... ..plenty of parking in the lot and ko 's is next door ( restaurant/bar ) ... .what more could you ask for ? ! return factor - 90 %	360
0	i ate here with a group of 5 , one whom was the lovely ms katie m. see her review for more . bitch took ten minutes to bring me a cup of coffee , then disappeared until we asked her for the 15 % auto-gratuity . i did not order food , but what arrived looked like denny 's , only shittier and more expensive .	1515
0	service started rough when we were given dirty plates for our entree , service continued to be slow throughout the meal , our waiter came over once we had finished our meal to give us more water which we had been out of since our entree . overall poor service and overpriced food	102
1	my favourite ricky 's in calgary . always consistent . liver & onions there are my fave . the owner laura is wonderful .	660
1	so excited to finally have whlyd ass in phoenix . came in this morning and was greeted with the most friendly of service . food was on point as always . water is green as always . congratulations on the new place guys , we look forward to watching y'all grow !	1254
0	update - 6/20/16 . office is officially closed . dr posted a sign outside and basically gave all her patients less than 2 weeks to find a new doctor and transfer records . it 's been a nightmare . now we have to start all over & it 's been a fight to get allergy serum released . april 2016 - we have n't met with dr laura , but mary jo is wonderful and took good care of both my kids . my daughter starts allergy shots soon . so far the office has been great to work with .	2272
0	rude employees , never answer phones or return messages , maintenance calls are never resolved , stains or urine throughout halls , smell of mold in apartments .	818
0	a 40 % late fee on your monthly rent fee is ridiculous . after renting from them for several months , will be removing belongings & going elsewhere . manager here is cold & unwilling to understand that circumstances in people 's lives happen . stay away from this facility .	2065
1	ate here for restaurant week and lived it ! the food was great , service was great , and they had live music that night . people were dancing and having a great time . i definitely recommend this place to anyone look for a great meal and a great time . i had the lamb cops with mashed potatoes and finished it off with carrot cake . it was epic !	1147
1	i have been here many times and found the food to be ok . but this was the best visit yet . the waitress was very pleasant and attentive . maybe it was so good because i had lunch with my daughter and great grand daughter . had the 2 for you , reuben sandwich and cob salad , both good . great grand daughter had a fruit boy ( she is a healthy eater ) and whatever she could poach from the plates of the adults .	1258
0	i used to come here every month , but not anymore . every time i come here on the weekend i have to wait for a long time . so i tried to come on weekday , then the lady kept rushing me to pick out the color on my most recent visit . then she just rushed to finish her job so she can move on to the next customer ... pedicure done in 10 mins , and i realized she did n't polish it evenly until i get home..	786
1	wonderful service & company ! ! ! ramsey is super ! ! we had a bad experience with another local company , capital tint and ramsey fixed it & took really good care of us ! ! he comes to your home and his detail program miracle touch , is one of a kind ! ! if you have any scratches , rock chips , faded paint , etc. , please do not hesitate , this is your service ! ! ! he is awesome ! ! ! ! !	2888
0	well this is too bad . new owners ? first off , i walked in and the two women working were both talking loudly on their cell phones . took a minute for one of them to set their phone down for a second to take my order . my food was n't as good as it used to be . i used to love this place but after just this one interaction , i really do n't think i 'll come back - might be dramatic but i just hate employees being on their cell phones when there 's a customer ( and it does n't help that the food was n't great ! )	981
1	i took my 2013 kia sportage in for service last wee like i have taken all my cars i have owned since i have lived in surprise . they meet you at your car as soon as you drive up . they take good care of your car as they would treat one of there own cars . sam brown	624
0	i had the worst haircut of my life at this place and i travel all the time so i experience a ton of barber shops . maybe i just got the wrong guy but i seriously considered shaving my head afterwards . i asked for a low fade with a 1 one the bottom and half off the top . i do n't think thats a difficult haircut . the guy gave me a 4 all around and tapered the front near the sideburns . im glad a lot of other people had `` good '' experiences but i would not recommend this place to my worst enemy .	2295
0	called the shop and got to talk to a guy called `` raffy . '' asked about a phone and said the he has it available and has only one left . got there and asked for the phone . he kept on looking in the back of his store but nothing . at one point even asked if i wanted a different one . made me wait for a long time with nothing . left the place ... wasted my time driving over there.. do n't go there . rude person .	1586
1	me and my cousin went to get our tattoo today at titan . chris was awesome , he was super friendly , patient and did exactly what we want , he even cleaned the whole area after we done . we trusted him 100 % and our tattoos turned out perfect . i do n't know why they got all bad reviews on yelp , well i guess you just have to be nice and respect people if you want to be treated the same way .	1658
0	update : three more stores have closed ! downgraded to 2 stars : - ( it 's sad to see this mall deteriorate year after year . there are still a decent number of stores left but in the whole it is pretty pathetic . the best thing about this mall is how kid friendly it is . nice play area . however , it does get super crowded in the summer . play area is for 42 '' and under . some parents ignore this but security will kick them out . dillard 's does a storytime on tuesdays at 10am and if you register they will give you a card that gives you free carousel rides on tuesday from 11am-1pm .	2815
0	they called to schedule an appointment for a home warranty claim . they told me they had to speak to my home warranty and would call me back- no one called me back . i called my home warranty and they had canceled my claim . ridiculous- i 'll replace my broken toilet myself . i would never use these people . very unprofessional . **this review is for correct company . they never called me back and i lost a day . that 's not how you run a business . now i have another company coming out to fix my problem .	1644
0	walked in for lunch at 2pm , waited at the counter and not a single employee spoke . 6 behind the counter and 2 drivers in white shirts standing at the counter with me , and no one spoke , i walked out .	1475
0	extremely bad service . $ 10 bottle of water . drinks expensive . plenty of other places in other casinos	2513
1	i love this place ! i would give a five star . great return exchange policy plus nice store very big lots selections . love it ! ! everyone is very nice . not rude	2443
0	awful place . average facilities and very pushy annoying staff . i was called after 10pm on two different nights by someone trying to schedule and push personal training passes on me . so many people i know are fans of good life and i wish i could be as it is so convenient , but i have had nothing but terrible experiences here . they refused to cancel my membership when i asked . do not recommend .	2370
0	horrible parking and not pedestrian friendly . some great restaurant and shopping options . if you can park . spots are tiny and they force you to valet .	387
0	this actually deserves zero stars because this repair shop did not do any repairs . i took a pair boots where the insoles were coming lose to glue them back . when i picked the boots up i checked and both insoles were still peeling . the man said there was nothing he could do and so now i have to find a new shop to fix my boots . the only good thing is that he had the decency not to charge me . seriously though ? how hard is it to put some glue on the bottom of a pair of insoles . ridiculous !	410
0	bad : -too much msg , we drink lots of tea , -simple salad dip in sodium , we re order one and is the same . -did n't refund the hair salad at the end need to be reminded -careless rice come with white plastic chip ( see photo ) -poor personal hygiene come with hair ( see picture ) -bad service not even a singe sorry about the hair . -the meat in the bun textured like sand -cost 40 $ per person good : -clean reno good lighting not worth going at all beware	943
0	ordered delivery to a nearby hotel and was promised 45 minutes or less . 1 and 1/2 hours later my pizza and salad arrived and both were the same temperature , that is to say slightly warm . pizza was ok , might have been better hot , but the salad was pretty poor . i realized afterward that they also overcharged me . overall poor value and service . try somewhere else if you are in this area as you ca n't do any worse .	718
0	not that great and definitely not worth the money . my dad got the kung pao vegan rice bowl and i got the organic veggie burger and it was not good . the rice bowl was extremely oily and the burger was subpar . they do n't specialize in vegan so if that 's what you want go elsewhere .	1402
0	came in there today an a lady named hengume was so rude told her thank you told her she did good and she ignored me the whole time . this place also always has only one person working which leaves them rushing trying to get to the next person .very unprofessional place	71
1	duffy 's provided beautiful flowers for our family reunion . we have used them many times in the past and have always been extremely satisfied with both their quality and service and this time was no exception . would highly recommend them for any flower needs big or small as we have used them for both and have always been glad we did . we have in the past used other 'big ' online florists and have been disappointed over and over again so we are especially grateful to find a florist that is so consistent and trustworthy !	657
1	great food for the price . i have been there five or six times to date . everything i have had has been good . i 'll agree with other reviews that complain about the parking lot and the weird ordering process , but the food is good and inexpensive . some of my personal favorites so far are the spinach friand , savory ham and cheese croissant , and the creme brûlée cheesecake .	1276
1	the former hilton is hands down the best place to watch games , especially on sundays for football central . they have a whole theater showing the games in addition to the sports book , the most reliable spreads for betting , and the cheapest beer ( priorities ) ; ) it 's the next best thing to actually being at the game ( even better actually cause the beers are cheaper ! ) especially when my team wins ... go panthers ; )	2271
0	go somewhere else ! i paid $ 39 for an hour of foot massage . two words : long fingernails . first , she worked on my scalp . it felt like my dog scratching my head . next , she worked on my arms and legs . she has only two pressures : barbaric and useless . i felt like she sprained my right wrist . finally , my foot massage . did n't even last one minute . and , she had the audacity to ask for tip . i gave her $ 5.00 just so she would n't chase me out the door . i could have done a better job massaging myself . for free .	1180
0	brought my dog in for a lameness issue . a slight limp was supposedly severe hip dysplasia . the dr would not let us see the x-rays and jumped straight to surgery . we stressed that we could not afford it so we left it at that . after a week of rest no more limping . we decided to take her to a new vet to get a second opinion . x-rays came back picture perfect . not a single arthritic change . very disappointed in this clinic . not sure if it was because of complete lack of education or for money but i will not be returning .	1588
0	lakes and sunrise are awesome if you 're looking for a great golf experience . if you 're looking to be talked down to by the guys at the pro shop then this is the place for you . was told over the phone twice they would honor casino rate and blew us off when we got there and said not on weekends . horrible attitudes from both of them . really shocked i was treated this way . love the course but not worth dealing with the pro shop . this is the third time they 've been extremely rude . wish i had the names of the two .	3869
1	this is the grocery store i usually go to , mainly because it is located close to my home . i can pretty much always find what i 'm looking for . some prices are a bit more than others but i can always get good quality fruit , vegetables and meat . they also have a pharmacy with great staff . of course like any grocery stores there are times that can be very busy but some nights are nice and quiet .	2402
1	this salon has been one i 've gone to over 19 years ago . my stylist was dawn . just gave her an idea of what i would like my hair would like . she gave very great advice and exceeded all my expectations . my hair looks much better now than before i walked in . she advised highlights with a trim that got rid of my frayed ends . my hair was a light color now it looks more natural and not so brassy . would definitely recommend this salon .	3182
0	i find this place very expensive and the food is mediocre . i bought a glass of wine , it was very expensive and they gave you very little . for a restaurant that is not in the downtown core , and on an industrial street , they could do better with the pricing and food quality .	257
1	seriously amazing food ! our server/bartender chris ( i think that 's his name ) was phenomenal , get the pear mule it will change your life . we ordered the brie and bacon app , pear pico , pacos pear tacos and the mushroom marsala and everything was amazing ! we will definitely be back to try something new . ( :	1458
1	well l needed some more glide to prevent heat rash when running . so i stopped in here . found some cool new running socks , hope they prevent blisters . my son bought a bb gun . sports authority overall is high priced to me , especially clothing . i checked in but forgot to use my 10.00 offer and now i am bummed . oh well . nice employees and helpful .	1832
1	we 've been back here several times in the last 2 weeks and just love it . the service is quick and the food fresh and delicious . the angry kimichi fries are a must and yesterday i got a buckeye dog which was delicious , though my favorite is the southern dog for sure !	1566
0	thereceptionist is awful ... i had to wait almost 20 minutes for my appointment to start . hair dresser was very unfriendly . my hair look decent , it took 3 hours just to do a press and style . from what i observed they can not do highlights . only weaves and haircuts . staff in general is rude . it was a waste of a drive there and my money . i would rather go some where else and pay more money . do n't waste your time ... it 's unfortunate the interior is so nice .	916
0	what horrible customer service . go to buy a bag of dental cat treats and they ring up as $ 0.01 . the girl asks her manager what to do and they tell me they ca n't sell it to me . do n't offer any alternatives . just ca n't sell it . first off all , what kind of store cant override a price ? second of all , your systems are messed up and i 'm the one who has to suffer for it ? and third of all , offer me an alternative ! you just lost a loyal customer .	2649
0	came in , guy acted like it was an inconvenience to see me and then when i took longer than 5 minutes to make a choice he literally said , `` just choose . '' definitely would have gotten something but refuse to give my money to someone who ca n't be bothered to do his job ...	3270
1	there is a wait even if you are seated immediately . friendly crew and they will correct any mistakes if you had one from a previous appointment without hassle .	786
0	horrible service , completely screwed up my hair shaved it beyond what i asked and went it came time for a line-up in the front the most crucial part of a haircut she lopped off a chunk of my hair and it 's the overall line up is crooked ! i basically paid to get the hell out of there i will never go back to this location ever ! management should speak to their stylists about paying attention to what 's in front of them not around them .	3557
1	this store has everything , love coming here . the workers are average some are really nice others are just rude w ith no personality . this location always has great items that you can find in regular grocery stores . love this 99 cent store	3423
1	a small dunkin donuts with some seating available inside . chocolate chip muffin and iced tea were great . service was fine , the place was n't too busy either . would definitely visit again !	618
0	very disappointed with this motel , came here for work and because i had 3 friends come and help me out with things i needed , bath essentials , a charger etc they said i had too much activity going on ! ! but yet they have hookers hopping in and out of cars all night in the parking lot ! they do n't provide shampoo conditioner toothbrush toothpaste nothing so basically if u do n't come prepared u have no choice but to stay dirty cuz god forbid u have a few friends come and bring u things necessities because u will be marked as a prostitute for strange activity even though my door remained open during those few times ! !	3772
0	nice people and atmosphere . the food absolutely is horrible . my wife and her friend had the best salad with chicken that was so drying was like chicken jerk . i had the chili reano that was so bad i had no idea what it was . no happy hour the cheese and meat board were lame . no thanks	1331
1	4.5 stars out 5 the facility is incredibly large and has beaches . there are so many great activities to be done here and there are more pools and spas then any other club in gta . i 'm a founding member here . after settling in here after four years this club feels much more like a resort .	2762
1	this is by far the best place to shop for and purchase firearms and supplies in the valley . fortunately , they are only about 20 minutes from where i live , but it is always worth the drive . the staff is knowledgeable , and willing to help without any high pressure sales . i recently purchased a new sig sauer from spartan arms ... and was having a difficult time field stripping it . they took the time to show me and to make sure i knew how before i left . spartan arms also offers many classes from live fire , to safety . i would n't shop anywhere else .	2247
0	i 've found this location very hit-or-miss in terms of delivery . the first time i ordered , i received the most amazing vegan pizza with roasted garlic , basil and tomato sauce . but i 've only received that one time . the other two times i have ordered delivery , the pizza has garlic powder and looks completely different from my first experience . i also received the wrong drink order . i 'm not sure i 'll order from here again . 1/3 is not a good enough percentage for me in terms of satisfaction .	1063
0	worst experience from the minute i walked in the door . unfortunately the only place around with no car and unfamiliar area . two staff members were doing nothing going back and fourth of who wants to do me . i wanted a mani/pedi but just came out with a pedi because the other one was too lazy to get up . another customer walks in , ignores i also needed a gel manicure and starts on her . rude ! ! ! i just told you i wanted both ! ! ! ! would never recommend would never come back ! ! ! ! horrible customer service ! ! ! ! !	1745
0	complete ripoff artists i wish i had checked yelp before being ripped off here . they will lie to you to get the sale and not provide services requested and overcharge . avoid ! ! ! !	3123
0	dirty , nasty and smelly . i would n't recommend this park at all . my kids were extremely disappointed and we left after 30 minutes . i was surprised by all the garbage all over the place . people are so disgusting and treat this park as if it is a big garbage can . the smell of dog urine is overpowering that it gave me a headache . we will never go back here !	367
1	amy was amazing ! ! i will definitely be back again ! ! came last minute with two others and were sat right away . very impressed !	3497
0	i do not know him on business maybe he is brilliant but with talking to people he is a disaster rode and not pleasant , be aware !	3126
1	what a spectacular view , beautiful patio with a wonderful fireplace . service was great could not have been treated any better , great wine selection and with 1/2 bottles on saturday nights makes it even better . the menu selection has great verity , i really enjoyed the sun devil salad and the fish tacos are wonderful .	751
1	the owners been there for 20 years working on bikes . it 's not a customer service oriented business so do n't expect him to be something that he 's not . he has the lowest prices in town so just mind your manners when your in his store	3156
0	i was super excited to try this place out , so i ordered the big katuna with what turned out to be too high expectations . there was wayyyy too much sauce on my bowl , all i tasted was salty ponzu . apparently mine was made by a new person , since she kept asking questions to another staff about how to put the ingredients together . i took it to go which was saving grace since i was at least able to mix it with other non salty things to finish the toppings . did n't eat the rest of the rice , too drenched in ponzu .	309
1	very honest and very good work . they made everything super easy for me and i am very comfortable with these guys . i am a lifetime customer now !	1210
1	great wings good service good value for ones money . my favourite wing place in vaughan	393
1	i have taken all my 4 dogs to dr. mccomb who is very knowledgeable and works with you as far as price and times you can take your pets in . the staff is very nice and helpful every time we have our appointments . there is no other place i would have my pets . we are now seeing dr. o and she is fantastic as well . i highly recommend crossroads veterinary to anyone .	2165
0	check other reviews and do yourself a favor and never order anything from this people . worse experience ever , sizes are not accurate . a medium size is more like a small junior and when i tried to exchange and sent back my order they never contacted me and never send me the exchanges i required . i have the tracking number when i returned the stuff and they did received but never send me the exchange items . they clearly do n't care about the customers .	2661
1	i give it a four star but here is the thing ... .. i hate all shows and somehow i liked it and what is even worse is im telling people i actually liked it ... . every other show i have been to has been absolutely terrible and a waste of my time and money just to keep the girl happy , but this time was different finally a win/win . it is nice that i can actually enjoy something ( for once ) that its only purpose was to make the ole battle axe happy ( kidding )	1771
0	attempted to visit this place due to great reviews but i got there at 515pm on friday and there doors already locked and closed ! tried to call 3x but all calls went to beeping voicemail . saw workers in there but still no answer . horrible service if you ask me . update your store hours if u plan on closing early for no reason ! !	2182
1	i am really not into cardio , but i 've been coming to this studio for the last 6 years and am simply addicted . every class is a new challenge and my only goal is to keep going . the instructors are motivating and inspiring and it 's always a great group of people that attend . this studio is unique and the classes are exciting and fun while actually focusing on a full body work-out and not just legs . enjoy !	3477
1	this is my new nail place ! ! they did such an amazing job and did n't even care how crazy my requests were , they treated my daughter and i like royalty and we will be be back ! ! i loved how wendy did my nails and toes and she did n't even cut me like the other place i went to . i 'm so glad that they are 10 mins from my house ! ! 10 stars ! ! !	3333
0	appears my views on sports authority are widely shared , the firm is now bankrupt and closing stores ! ( good riddance ! )	3911
0	an old plastic plate for $ 2 . clothes that are torn and worn with stains on them . i went there today to give it a second look . generally , disappointing .	747
1	i do n't like doing laundry but i do n't mind it at this place . it 's pretty clean and it 's not really hot like most laundromats . plus i never have to spend too long there because there are lot of washers and get dryers are big and always done really fast ! ! i think last time i was there i used like 50 cents to dry all my clothes ! ! ca n't beat that	2638
0	do n't bother coming here ... they are nice but they do n't respect appts . i had to wait 2 hours and i had an appt . i will go to scottsdale store from now on . bad mgt .	3231
0	they are a terrible company to work with . they sent the wrong springs that would not fit my door and using the `` spring 's are not returnable '' routine . stay away from this company . dealt with both bill chalfant and taylor millar . when north shore goes out of business , these two should definitely look into a different career than customer service .	3470
1	this is the most caring , reasonably priced veterinary clinic ! ! dr. edwards is thorough , honest , very skilled as a vet , personable , kind , and so very caring . the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable as well . i 'm so grateful to have found dr. edwards years ago , and so are my shelties !	2453
1	everything was hot and delicious . speedy , friendly delivery . i 'd give 5 stars but in my opinion it 's on the pricey side .	1191
1	i go through the drive thru and they are all very pleasant that work at the windows either taking your payment or handing your food and/or drink . the only complaint i have is fill the frappe drink up or any drink for that matter . i fell like i am getting cheated when it is almost a 1/4 missing . i can go to the dutch bros and get a full one from them and have never been cheated . also have your payment ready it will help the line move quicker .	504
0	c'est grand . c'est un peu bruyant . c'est pas mal . mais c'est surtout beaucoup moins bien que l'avenue !	243
1	we 've been going to this restaurant since it opened over 15 years ago . this is one of the only chinese restaurants that have kept their standards up . they 're staff is friendly and quick . the food prices have gone up with inflation , but is still a very good price for what you get . i 'm not a fan of the `` new '' plastic ware though as any left over debris shows up on the black plastic bowls . they 're veggies are always fresh compared to other similar type restaurants .	1173
0	the customer service was good however the way they stock their sunglasses is very unacceptable . i was interested in buying a pair of sunglasses . the only pair available was a display with a big scratch on it . the sales person went through their back stock to see if there was another pair , she pulled out a box with pairs of sunglasses just thrown in a small box . the only protection these sunglasses had were plastic sleeves . they should have been placed in their individual sunglasses cases . i have never seen a sunglass but organized like this !	2676
0	when we walked in our waitress greeted us in a rude manner just tossed the menus on the table . she was swearing every second word even calling he boss the c word . very unprofessional the food was very below average for the price . safe to say i will not be going back there .	1546
1	garner orthodontics went beyond my expectations . my son just got his braces off and i have 2 other kiddos starting on their journey . the staff is so helpful and accomodating . they are very patient with my kids and help explain the process and what to expect of each phase . if you have to cancel an appointment and need to reschedule , if they ca n't get you into one location , they try to get you into the other location . thank you to dr. garner and his staff for always being so helpful and informative .	2566
1	decided to have lunch here instead of going to my fave usual sushi place . everything from the service to the food was top notch ! me and my sister both got the dixie sushi lunch with a side of salmon sashimi . the sashimi was fresh and were a nice thick cut ( mmmm ! ) . the dynamite and california rolls were fresh and did not fall apart . the service throughout lunch was great ! the servers were always attentive and were very nice . you usually do n't get this kind of service at asian places . i think tako sushi is going to be my new fave usual place .	516
1	probably my favorite chinese bakery in all of west chinatown . fresh bread baked daily , with sufficient filling in each bun . although it is more expensive compared to the other bakeries , you 're paying for quality , and not quantity . always go first thing in the morning when the buns come out hot !	3110
1	we come to this location at least twice a week . we love the fresh food and quick service . never been disappointed . do n't eat the cookies unless you want to be hooked !	1161
1	this place is fyah everything is perfect here libby and the crew are the best . service , food and drinks are awesome . this place is really comfortable and chill perfect after work spot to relax definitely coming back that 's a automatic .	1229
1	i got my second tattoo from jeff , he was was quick , efficient , and knowledgeable . the result was good although it has faded substantially in just 6 months . dan the piercer is fantastic and super knowledgeable , i 've gotten two piercings from him and both healed quickly and without complication . would strongly recommend	3112
1	we love this place . friendly service , a little slow when busy , but the food is great and worth waiting for . the place is neat and the price is reasonable . would recommend to anyone ! ! !	237
1	we go for the wings-never the service until last night and we hope that this gal is working when we go in again- mariah ( please forgive me if i spelled it wrong ) . she was adorably polite , professional , and poised ! thank you again .	383
0	save your time if planning to donate goods . i called them ... they give an all day window for pick-up..great ! next , driver shows up and takes out a branch on my tree..wonderful . now they start to examine and cherry pick what they want . none of this was worthless junk mind you . so i told the driver to take a hike and sold the stuff on craigslist ! do n't waste your time with this chapter in cleveland . i 'm sure salvation army in general is a good organization but this chapter is not worth the bother . call goodwill ... they 're helpful and grateful for donations .	747
1	a relax place for a sunday breakfast . the restaurant is nicely decorated and the waitress is friendly . there 's a variety of selections of food and drinks for breakfast and lunch .	1060
0	the worst taco place i have been in my life . the place stinks first moment u walk in . the food was very bad and disgusting . i will never go back this place even though i love mexican food .	857
0	the service here was pretty bad . the kids working there were unhelpful . the clothes are cheap and so are the shoes . they had a fragrance there that looked like the gucci bottle but instead of gucci it was called `` gotcha . '' but hey , what are you gon na do right ? i wo n't come here again unless i get too drunk at garcia 's , spill bean dip all over my shirt and need a new one .	1833
1	i do n't know why this place does n't have a 5 star rating , this is hands down my favourite used clothing store around . the layout is beautiful , spacious and great quality clothing all around . i feel like i never leave without at least one item . price is decent and they have a lot of designer clothing . brought my boyfriend in here too and they had a great selection for men as well . ca n't wait to visit again !	1446
1	this is one of the most relaxing starbucks that i visit . it busy here , but has a calm vibe . the coffee is great as always !	44
1	i recently started taking my car here since moving to this side of town . the staff are always friendly and professional.ryan was great at explaining things to me . i would had given 5 stars because they do n't work on transmissions which i needed but overall is this a great place and have nothing negative to say .	2561
1	very good spot to grab a burger , fries and soda in a quaint , old-school atmosphere . order at the counter and they bring your food to you . my combo meal for lunch was a little over $ 8 and the burger and fries were both cooked perfectly . the employees were friendly . parking can be a little tight .	1461
1	wow i 'm going to miss ben ... so sad to hear he has moved out of state ! ! ever since i have been going to ben i 've gotten compliments practically on a daily basis ! ! i have nothing but great things to say about this salon - everyone is super friendly , considerate and talented . incredible head/neck massages ! ! ! i 've never seen a bad cut/color leave the salon ! ! i 'm looking forward to falling in love with another talented stylist at hypnotic ! thank you for giving us a place/talent we can depend on !	1617
1	what can i say ? the food is excellent and really showcases how quality ingredients make all the difference in simple food . the bigoli pasta and burrata pizzas are a must . add black truffle shavings to the pizza for an extra pep . service is great and the wine list both by the bottle and glass are superb . i 've been twice now and will be back again soon to try the whole branzino crudo . if i had to make one suggestion it would only be to increase the portions of their pasta dishes . other than that , perfecto !	833
1	there was leak due to the pipe not being installed previously by manny air properly on the ac unit and miguel from manny air came to fix it . he is very professional and extremely hard working . i would definitely suggest asking for miguel as your tech for all the work . he is also sending a painter to fix the the dry wall . miguel knows his stuff . update 8/4/17 - the painter ( jose dominguez 480-366-4589 ) did a very professional job of fixing and painting the dry wall . i do appreciate that manning air took full responsibility on fixing the problem .	3172
0	i would give this place 0 stars if possible . the owner , margarita could not have conducted herself in a worse way . my girlfriend went in to get her hair cut shorter , and margarita acted like it was the worst thing she has ever had do . after it was all said and done , the haircut was n't right and margarita did n't even say goodbye . then when we asked for someone to fix the haircut because it was wrong , margarita said that my girlfriend is n't welcomed back again . please never go support someone like this ! ! !	2056
0	i had bloodwork done for my 3 maltese before their dental cleaning . i went to pick up results a week later and the numbers on one of them was very high on wbc and lym and it was never mentioned to me ! i wo n't be back .	3030
0	i called to make a first time appointment for my three boys who need physicals for the new school year . after being put on hold for roughly five minutes i was informed that they can not accommodate three first time appointments in one day . i said i work and that means i 'd have to take off two days of work to have my kids seen . the appointment setter said yes that is correct . i suppose if you have one or two children then this could be a good practice for you . unfortunately this practices shortcomings have forced me to seek medical care elsewhere .	590
0	it has now been another 3 months for a total of 6 months that i have lived ere and have yet to have my patio ceiling fixed , and my bedroom cracks fixed ... add to it now i have water spots in my ceiling . i am beyond frustrated , i 've put in numerous work orders , about this and apparently a contractor has to come to my apartment . on the plus they did fix my dishwasher , after which they merely looked at the damages in my ceiling and told me about the contractor who was on site that day , well i never got a visit about my ceiling . if i could leave a half a star i would .	3467
1	typical theater , nothing too fancy . they recently opened a bar which is ok. my drink was kind of watered down , but all in all it 's not a bad theater .	3063
0	way overpriced for locals not to mention their costumer service sucks ! i bought a pax battery from then it did n't work to my fault i did n't return it right away they refused to exchange it or refund it ! if you are reading this go to oasis much better prices and service !	1025
1	love their selection of gel nails and supplies . i 've started doing my own and his place has the best selection anywhere . staff is knowledgeable and helpful . only drawback is they are closed on saturday 's . prices definitely beat anything online .	2182
0	i like how cheap the car wash is and the free vacuums ! but the employees are incompetent , rude and try to hit on you . dude , i 'm just trying to pay ... just trying to vacuum my car please stop coming over to me and talking to me . i like coming here just wish i was n't either getting hit on , being tried to be sold something or treated like i 'm stupid by the employees .	2093
0	first and last time in this barber shop . i took my son in for a haircut and we were turned away ! their business hours posted on the window says 9a - 7p it was 6:35pm there was only one customer getting a hair cut and two employees , and one of the employees said to me that they were already done for the day to come back tomorrow , awful customer service do not recommend	761
0	there a joke in this world ... wife went looking at a 2013 tacoma and they wanted $ 6000 down and $ 850 a month or with a cosigner $ 2000 down and $ 650 a month for 4 years ... she told them where to shove it and left..bad thing with them is you see post in craigslist for $ 500 and up to $ 1500 down , liers just like the rest of dealers , just these guys push it to the extreme	307
0	they are open till 1 am but if you want the food of you 're choice do n't go late because that definitely wo n't happen . i had driven across town for the food and it sucked that i was n't able to order it and had to result to something else	964
1	very good costumer service and professional tech . ..so frendly and also serve boba tea..love it ) )	544
1	the staff and doctors here are great . i have been coming for years with my cat and dog and have received excellent care .	1700
0	showed canceled after everyone is sitting down . they wait until everyone spends $ at the bar and souvenir shop and other places at paris and then inform people 5 minutes before start time that due to `` unforeseen circumstances '' the show is cancelled . they obviously knew and want to make money on extras . really shameful . do n't patronize this show .	570
1	awesome staff ! so friendly , honest and good at what they do . they really do put the customer first . will definitely be back	3842
0	`` security '' guard at the front would n't allow me to enter the store with my service dog even when i presented her certs . absolute garbage . lost my business for good .	3096
1	this place was good and bad . i went to las vages with my son and we played baseball . we were very happy to go and the batting cages were almost perfect . this place was a little dirty , the nets were ripped , but they were over all prety good . here are some pros and cons : ·close to strip ·pitches close to little league ·prices were too high ·equipment broken ·nice staff	3555
0	higher prices that some of the other locations . awkward layout . you pay and go through the wash , exit and get wiped down by one guy , then get directed to a garage , exit the vehicle , walk down a small hill , wait at a table outside , and the vacuum person drives your car around to the other side of the convenience store . weird ! the car cleaning was okay , nothing special , still dust in corners inside and smear marks on the outside with tons of lint left by the dirty rags .	2198
0	absolutely horrible . worst experience i 've ever had buying a car ! they sell me a 2005 nissan altima . a month after having it , i find out my brakes are metal to metal . christmas day , my car wo n't start . find out its my camshaft sensor . replaced that then my o2 sensor . today ( 6months owning the car ) find out my catalitiyc convertor is going out . guess who wo n't cover it ... . i 've invested more in this car then i ever have in any car . they 're very rude when you call and pretty much say oh well , its your problem . do not buy from here ! ! !	3305
0	i had high hopes because of all the good comments but i found the bagels pretty bland-tasting . the selection is also a bit limited in terms of bagel-variety for a bagel store . the shop lighting is pretty dark , and the service was slow . the bagel is only 1 dollar , which is the only positive . i probably wo n't go back unless a friend wanted to . disappointed .	995
0	food is amazing ! service is extremely poor . we ordered our food . mind you it was for three . the couple who came after us by 10 minutes received their food before us . would never recommend this place to anyone in vegas !	1319
1	i have to say i have read the other reviews and i can see how it may be hit or miss . we have been there several times and the food and service has always been good . there are many price points $ 8.95 to $ 30+ so mama mia 's can accommodate most budgets . we did go there one valentines day and did not care for the reduced selection `` special menu '' ( common for v-day ) and we did not stay . the reason i like this place is it is off the beaten path and you can find a quiet corner for a romantic date night .	1224
0	the line to check in was hour long from noon to 8 pm absolutly nuts	2976
1	very nice towers ! spacious condos , albeit very expensive , with expansive views of las vegas . door staff is first class .	3354
0	12/27/07 - mor furniture : `` well , we do n't have that furniture in stock , but we 'll order it for you and it should be here in 6-8 weeks , maybe sooner . '' 2/11/08 - mor furniture : `` your furniture should be in this weekend . '' 2/15/08 - mor furniture : `` it actually looks like your furniture should be here around march 1st . '' 2/29/08 - mor furniture : `` it 's actually looking more like it 'll be here mid-to-late april . '' see the review for ashley furniture homestore on bell road for the end of this story .	1640
1	i would like to start of by saying that mayes telles has an incredible and dedicated team that does a phenomenal job fighting for you . without a doubt , these folks are strategic , easy to reach , and always looking for a way to help get you a victory . i would highly recommend this law firm for anyone seeking justice . these folks truly care and will find a way to help . furthermore , they are staffed with excellent lawyers , paralegal 's , former prosecutors , etc . a special thank you to ms. castillo and mr. mayes for their efforts !	2391
1	excellent customer service n friendly salesmen for advises n many choices at design center . we picked what we want for our new home . prices is very reasonable	2071
1	went for the second time again this week and shared the hummus appetizer and my husband and i each had the ahi wrap . both were delicious . i had been in earlier this week and a friend had the ahi wrap and said how great it was , so we had to go back and try it . our new favorite . in a spinach tortilla , great seasonings , lots of ahi . getting hungry just thinking of it ! service as always was wonderful .	1529
0	the store is too small . horrible on a saturday . the manager is just ... no words . they never have what i need . so i have to end up ordering and using my pro discount online . mgr states they had to change their inventory over due to a new system . for 3 straight months ? they are horrible here . i do n't even bother . i visit the biltmore location instead .	2409
1	we went to ramada for spring training for my son 's tournament . we were dreading this hotel due to the bad reviews , however i must say this was a great hotel . no complaints whatsoever . we had about 6 other families staying at this hotel as well and we all had a great time ! i would totally stay here again !	1888
0	in one word : meh . the food was only okay . i got the grindhouse burger and shareable fries and rings . burger meat was a bit dry , but still tasty . the sauces that came with the fries were very good . in our group , more good things were said about their delicious mustard than their burgers . the ice cream sandwich was good , but nothing special . the waiter we had was very nice and accommodating .	1417
1	my husband and i are new in henderson and we 're desperately looking for a good sushi restaurant near our home . we were pleasantly surprised when we discovered the sushi ! we went about 3pm for a late lunch , great service ! we had the spicy garlic edamame to start and it was spicy and delicious ! we also tried `` something wrong , the caterpillar and what the hell rolls ... ... loved them all ! highly recommend `` something wrong '' absolutely nothing wrong there ! we will be back !	408
0	over rated . i liked the smooth putting greens and challenging ravine carries , but for $ 200+ you would n't expect a course of this expected caliber to have numerous yellowing spots consistent across all fairways . just because you plunk a golf course into the greater lv area does n't justify high fees . we golfed on thursday late morning and there were perhaps 5 groups on the entire course . drop your fees to $ 75 and expect an in flux .	1087
0	the reviews on here make me think my visit was a fluke ... ordered one of the specialty dogs and fries , fries were undercooked and one of the toppings on the hot dog had gone bad . i could smell it prior to eating ... being brave i figured maybe it was supposed to so i tried a bite but had to spit it out ... definitely not good ... maybe one of the ingredients had gone bad ... like to think that this one slipped through the cracks but who knows sadly , the reviews tell a different story than what i got but for me , i wo n't be back	1566
0	not impressed side door too small with a double elevator bad design and door always open ( bent at bottom ) so temperature controlled not so much and upstairs does get hot too . raise rent after less then a year good thing i was moving out anyway . much cheaper places near by as close as blue diamond should have did my research . automatic payment taken out every month on the 5 but when it was time to check out its the 1st . read fine print not sure would not recommend or use again and all over 17 dollars . my advice look some where else	3919
1	i do not recall the lady who did my nails but she 's located right away and the right side . she 's more short and very nice and gentle with your nails . everyone wants their nails all the way close to cuticles so i recommend this place . i go here all the time for my full sets and fills .	2525
1	well the store was open 24 hours and i needed a loofa so i could take a shower and not only did they have them but they were on sale for .99 so i bought like 6 what a deal woot woot ! ! ! the store was clean and the staff was friendly and thank god they were open because nothing else was open in the area . walgreens has all your everyday essentials and you can get in and out quickly	758
0	day 2 after getting my gels and 3 of my nails chipped.. it 's been a few days now and my cuticles are worse than when they went in . ugh	1288
0	it 's supposed to be $ 4 thursday ... however it 's thanksgiving . out of town ( visiting from san diego ) to catch this flick for the 2nd time since watching it this past saturday . unfortunately guy at the counter said the palms hotel is not honoring the $ 4 due to the holiday but the brendan theatre wanted to . we ended up paying $ 21 for my hubby & i instead of $ 8 ! way to honor your ad brendan theatres*sarcasm* . given , i did have the choice to not pay . seats need cleaning ; they are kinda dingy .	491
1	thanks tasha you are amazing ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i did my single color and it turned out amazing with an awesome blowout ! ! ! ! ! everyone was nice and helpful i had a great time there ! ! ! ! !	636
1	i do n't understand the low ratings ? i come here weekly , am always in and out , i find the staff friendly and the beds high-end . i like this place .	3329
0	really shady operation . i emailed them back and forth a few times about getting counters put in our kitchen . when we were finally ready to go i confirmed the price and told them we could move forward . then i did n't hear back for a few days so i emailed to confirm . a few more days pass and still no response so i email back again . finally a week later i get a response ... '' unfortunately , all our prices went up since last week '' and it 's actually going to be 40 % more . needless to say i would n't recommend ever working with this company in any capacity .	743
0	sorry but not impressed . like the store frontage , but that is where it pretty much stops . only place offered to have a cup of coffee is the social table which frankly is not comfortable when sitting on hard stools . pour over coffee did not taste good , but was offered a drip house coffee instead . it was better but not great . a bit pricey on the coffee . rating this on coffee and experience only .	1332
0	they have no customer service ... went there to open a account and no one had greet us and we waited for 30 min and help .	3202
1	amaizing ! ! ! ! ! ! this place is the place to be if you want a perfect pedi , mani or any other services i went on sunday and even that it was very busy they did n't take to long to see us my pedi was amazing the guy did n't rush the massage was great and my feet look amazing i also got a gel manicure and i absolutely love it the best experience that i ever have with a nail salon ever ! ! ! ! ! i drove from casa grande to this place and it was totally worth it ! ! ! see you guys in 2 weeks	686
0	the manager was rude . we wanted to exchange something we purchased and he was being a smart ass about exchanging for something else . when he returned the money he kind of threw it into my mothers hand , defiantly not politely . not how a manager should represent a store .	1050
0	do not ask these people for help ! working for a auto parts store with no freakin clue of auto parts even with the help of a computer . they will sell you the wrong piece that will screw up your car so that an oil change now turns into am $ 800 part needing to be replaced . and when you tell them instead of trying to fix they problem that they have caused , just look at you and say they 're sorry . really ! ? ! ? so find somewhere else to shop ! save yourself time , aggravating , and money ! ! this store has idiots working for them .	1471
1	i love coming here after work . very relaxing environment inside , or if you prefer , enjoy outside . flavors are good , and the food is excellent . my only complaint is that sometimes the food comes out very slowly . other than that , i 've never had a bad experience here .	1229
1	i was reluctant to try this denny 's becayse of previous reviews but the food was good , served fast and hot . our server , dan , was great . would definitely go back !	1504
1	great food , great service . i ordered the hot stone bibimbap & it was delist . i 'll definitely recommend this restaurant & i 'll be going back .	435
1	a hidden gem with an assortment of delectable french pastries . the sandwiches were alright .	2327
0	walked in at 12pm ( with no appointment ) and left two hours later without a haircut for my son . they claim to be walk-in friendly but it seems like all blocks for the barbers are appointments or they know the barber and people just cut . they need a sign up sheet or a number system to keep track of customers . if you 're going to claim to be walk in , leave blocks open for that purpose . i understand i have to wait a little longer since i did n't make an appointment but two hours is ridiculous . the place is disorganized and the barbers are n't even that good at cutting hair . will be finding another barber .	2366
1	there are a bunch of cry babys if you cant not buy anything from whole foods dont shop there point blank go to walmart or smartshop i love this store they have the best meat and friut from our small frams i love it here its way cheaper then the whole foods nyc ... ..we should be proud we have this type supermarket	3874
0	went for dinner with a friend on friday . i wanted to love it , but ... ... the space is nice . the wines were n't all winners and the food was uninspiring . i considered the charcuterie plate but was underwhelmed when told that it consisted of salami , mortadella and chicken sausage . i had the mahi speacial . the fish was dry and flavorless . service was disengaged . they told us that they are re-doing the menu so maybe the new menu will be better ? with all the other options around not sure i 'll check back to see if that improves things .	296
1	good portions . staff was super friendly . came in right before it was about to close and they went out of their way to make sure i had a good experience without the guilt of keeping the kitchen open ( sorry fellas ) . it 's a new business and it looks like it . everything was super clean , including the bathrooms ( a big tell of how clean the kitchen is ) . prices were reasonable . not the best best sushi you can get - but it 's new and i expect it to grow . their maki was way better than their nigiri .	740
0	overhyped and overpriced . it 's a wannabe gourmet brasserie ... but at the end of the day it 's just another chain restauant.. the lighting was good though and atmosphere was ok .	670
1	the great thing about this gym is that , even during busy hours , it is n't completely packed . another great thing : the energizer bar . love the smoothies !	3912
0	ca n't but cookies ? ordered salad paid try to add some cookies to the order . told i had to go to the back of the line ? terrible service . .wo n't be back	701
1	wow - this place is incredible . it is huge , well lit , organized and everything is used and reasonably priced . saw this place on yelp and had to check it out . they advertise as an entertainment exchange store . they take trades on books , magazines , movies , cds , games ... ... i have never seen a used place this well , great . wish we had something comparable in denver .	3504
0	very disappointed with tire & battery service . came in at 7:30 and was told i had to wait 30 minutes for them to check my battery that i carried in .	2172
0	absolutely terrible . waited four hours for groceries to be delivered because delivery driver called wrong number when delivering . they were given the apartment number and told it was ok to leave at the door . instead driver leaves with no attempt to contact . absolute incompetence , pizza hut must not be hiring drivers .	1914
0	do n't come here ! ! ! really bad service with terrible attitude . they do n't know how to take care the customers . cars are not clean for multiple times even with ultimate plus wash . tired to deal with them just want to let everyone knows how bad they are . do n't waste your money !	127
0	went here once , was pretty good , so i came back a second time and food was not anywhere close to what it was the first time . unfortunately wo n't be back . check out greek wraps if you want great greek .	755
0	rude front desk coordinators , overall the place is clean and handicap accessible .	1620
0	horrible quality of work i paid 143 $ for a detailing package and my car was not clean at all i could 've done a way better job do not go here it was a complete waste of money # unitedstatesnavyveteran	199
1	yay ! they have opened , and they are close to my work . i had an arugula salad with chicken , and it was excellent . they had a nice patio to sit on that was less noisy than inside . good customer service . i was not feeling well that day , and the staff was nice to me . i was getting a migraine and probably looked like i was going to die . i look forward to coming back . i also hope they get their online ordering up and running because i will definately use that .	1161
0	if you are looking for selection and good prices go to buffalo exchange across the street which has 10 times the floor space . fruition has only a small rectangular space , with a rather limited amount of clothes on display . took less than 3 minutes to determine that our visit was a waste of time .	377
1	fabulous experience from the minute we met sales representative , tania . very knowledgable with great suggestions . we order 5 mallin bar stools and we were hoping they would be delivered before july 4th although no promises were made . we were so delighted to get tania 's call saying that we would have them by july 2nd . delivery was scheduled from 1-4 pm and at noon we received a call saying the driver was 30 minutes out . stools were delivered in perfect condition and the driver and assistant were very professional . the cushion color is perfect . we shopped around and pricing was very competitive . we are so happy we chose all american and highly recommend them .	217
0	went there on 1/3/2014 after purchasing vouchers for myself and 2 friends . the massage was not the best . the pressure was inadequate . after the massages for the 3 of us , they would not let us leave till we left the tips that they wanted $ 10-15 minimum . we had to comply in order to leave . it was very uncomfortable .	735
1	absolutely the best customer service i have ever received at a service department at a car dealership . i worked with colby , he was attentive to all my needs inquired if i had any concerns and kept me informed of the process along the way . the service department is so fancy ! they will make you a breakfast sandwich , serve you coffee , give you a bagel , and it 's very comfortable while you wait . it was an attack euler experience great job !	3065
0	our family stayed at this hotel during our visit to toronto . the front desk person was rude and refused to adjust our reasonable request . we ended up with the rooms we did not satisfy with . the lobby looks good . however , the rooms are really old . no better than a motel . the worse thing is that my room had a leaking toilet and the noise kept me from falling in asleep . my mom found several hairs on her bed . obviously , they did not change the sheet . bad experience , wo n't go there again .	2795
1	great place to get away ! the hotel was amazing ! it sat right next to the lake . mexican and luna bistro were really good places to eat at . will be back soon ! !	3916
0	very mediocre pizza . if you 're stranded in the brothers parking lot with a broken down car and you 're really hungry , you 'd be better off walking to the circle k and getting a snack to tide you over til help arrives . to everyone who gave it lots of stars , you need to get out more and live a little ... and eat better pizza .	773
1	had my cleaning today and it was great and fast service ! i saw hieu , dr wong and zabee ! all great and the manner in which my grandparents and i were treated was pretty fantastic ! thanks for a stress free visit !	3292
1	shabu shabu paradise is an excellent alternate lunch for anyone wanting to try something new . a brief rundown , shabu shabu is a japanese meal where they bring a hot pot of water with meat and assorted vegetables to be dipped and cooked in the boiling water . you also receive different sauces to add flavor to the meat . their lunch special is a great deal that always leaves me satisfied at the end . also do n't forget , you can always ask for more vegetables to go with your meat . i definitely recommend checking out this restaurant !	285
0	sat for twenty minutes without an acknowledgement from a server . thank god for the busser bringing bread .	1224
0	i just has the most unpleasant experience in this outlet . the poor girl at the register was getting swamped and literally 4 male `` management '' members were just standing around by some shoes engaging in some very inappropriate work place conversation watching the line build . i waited 15 minutes to pay ! ! how ridiculous ! you should really invest your money in a management team that is n't full of a bunch of lazy and rude employees .	1846
0	the office staff is quite rude . they are very inflexible and act like you are lucky to be accepted as a client at all . i will be looking elsewhere .	1712
0	trying to book an appointment is impossible here , i 've called multiple times and was asked to come by a stylist at 10am and once i was here the receptionist with the ombré . latin maybe has been very rude from the start , always with an attitude . she told me that my stylist was already book when my stylist told me she was n't . every time i 've come in , this lady has an attitude . if you 're trying to book here i would n't , receptionists are very rude . and still i 've come back twice now , this place is 30 minutes from me and i still have n't gotten my hair done	354
0	online scheduling process was a breeze . scheduled my onsite replacement three days out ( first available time slot ) and they kept me updated via multiple email and phone calls along the way . safelite called 20 minutes prior to my appointment stating they were short staffed and would not be able make it - requiring a reschedule several more days out . i cancelled the replacement and found another company to complete my work the same day .	2444
1	very nice facility , and most importantly , clean . i used the level 5 bed , which was new and made for a quick and easy tan . the girl that helped me out was helpful and sweet . the prices are a bit more than other tannning spots but you get what you pay for . i definitely recommend this place .	3898
1	this place deserves 5 stars . always phenomenal customer service and consistently amazing coffee . never disappoints -- i highly recommend over any coffee place in phoenix	1484
1	this place is so good ! it just opened up and i loved it . it 's really chill which i love . the burger is n't as big as i thought it would be , but it 's super filling . especially with the amount of fries they give ! looks like fuku just got a new regular . ( ;	964
1	funny story , everything i wrote , i meant ! i accidentally used my husband 's yelp page , oops . i am kim & i love di luxe polish lounge !	1370
1	i came here to buy two new tires for my 2007 prius . all together , the bill was $ 215 . i did n't feel like i was getting ripped off . the people who work there were quite polite and efficient . they also pointed out that i did n't have an inspection sticker ( required by the state ) , so i 'm going back on monday to have those tests done .	3197
1	one of my favorite places to grab a few pints and a bite to eat . really laid back and chill atmosphere , great and friendly staff , good food . and u can always catch the game . great for large groups too .	1091
0	it was ... .. unforgettable . but not for anything awesome . corny , hair-metal , creepy , dark , sorta christmas-ish , stage show with hair whipping , lasers , flames , tigers and dragons . ( yes . dragons ) sounds like it should be a giant stocking stuffed with awesome . yeah ... not so much . that said , you 'll be talking about this mess for years to come .	2968
1	had an awesome time today . signed my son up for the intro to archery class . the instructor , tim , took time with each archer and gave helpful tips so everyone was able to hit the targets . terriffic way to spend an afternoon . will be signing up for more classes . the prices compared to overall value is a huge win !	471
1	love it ... . just need to get theirs booking partners on same page with check in check outs also they can a few smoking rooms only thing i was unhappy about but i was in heaven ... .	2973
0	went in to get some work done by chris . he was going to fill in two tattoos that were already stenciled out . paid 300 dollars to have him fill in one on my hand to have him dip out in the middle of our session . he added on a bunch of beads going down my hand in a line that was n't straight and tattooed over another artist work without my permission . my tattoo looks like shit and am now doing sessions costing me thousands to get it lasered off . cheers to the most expensive/shitiest tattoo on my body . thanks chris	1658
1	i love living here . last night my air went out . i called the after hours number and their maintenance guy can out at 10:30 at night and fixed my air-conditioning unit . the office staff is incredibly helpful and friendly . they make you feel very comfortable . highly recommend this place	2745
0	i did a deposit at this location today . the deposit machine was a mess ; there was a subway cup sitting right next to it , and numerous receipts from previous customers all over the surrounding counter . none of the employees seemed to be doing anything productive . you 'd think they could at least keep the place tidy . even the tellers booth had trash on it . i 've never been to such an unkempt bank ! the least they could do is acknowledge the existence of their customers , but not here .	2983
0	sad ... i was n't expecting great . i was expecting some service and maybe a drink now and again . when the place is packed and the food beats the first round of drinks to the table there is a problem . if you are looking for a drink and shot place , you are good ( at bar or door service only ) . if you are looking for anything slightly above a dive bar- this is not your place . lots of better options very close . downhill further and further the last few years .	2532
1	i really like this place . somewhere between a whole foods and hinens . they have a great meat selection to include lots of ohio local beef . the produce section is fantastic . they have a lot of those things you do n't find at the standard stores without paying whole paycheck prices . their international and seasonal section is great . lots of bbq sauce selections as well as hot sauces . their store brand pasta and sauces , cooler in the back by the bakery , is great . the prices are in line with ge , but much less then wf . selection much larger than tj ,	495
0	gave this ht a try after the remodel . my normal one is the east blvd location . horrible produce selection . more than one dairy/frozen item was close to expiring . i picked up a frozen pizza about to expire in 2 days . i would not have been a happy camper if i took it home and went to enjoy the home run inn goodness a week later and found it was expired . my purpose of the trip was to restock on fage yogurt . i could n't buy many as they were expiring in 4 days . i will stick to the east blvd and morrocroft locations . until publix opens closer , then i 'll give that a try .	1061
0	they can give you a venti cup but they dont have to fill it up . check your drinks in the drive thru	2358
0	horrible , tried to use my store credit that they wrote me and i even asked when they wrote it `` how long is it good for ? '' and they told me anytime its like cash . i 'm told that it is now only good for 1 month cause the old guy was fired . on top of losing out on my $ 60 the kid behind the counter acts like he is too busy talking to his girlfriend behind the counter about her friend to come help me . definitely gon na go other places	2342
0	do not buy the groupon for the jcpenney optical department . it 's not a good deal . it 's just to get you in the door . you ca n't buy a reasonable pair of eyeglasses for the groupon price .	223
0	this place is such a waste of money . think applebee 's atmosphere , with food that has no flavor whatsoever . i mean none . it 's like they went out of their way to make everything as bland as possible . i got the shrimp tacos.. with no flavor . my girlfriend got the chicken sandwich.. that tasted like it was made before seasoning was invented . you 've been warned : over priced , under spiced , and the most forgettable meal of my life .	201
0	this company is horrible ! ! ! ! the front desk receptionists have no manners . brandon was my go to guy and in charge of my unit and it was impossible to get anything fixed . i moved into a town home with no screens , broken glass , broken cabinets and cat hair and urine infested carpets . as soon as our year was up we moved out and got jipped my almost $ 900 deposit . worst experience ever and i do not recommend anyone to rent from this horrible company .	3451
1	this chinese dessert place always brings back old memories ! it 's been around for many years and it 's still very popular in the area . they make really good black sesame soup - not too sweet and rich with flavour . the fried milk is also delish - not too oily or heavy . they have a pretty comprehensive list of all the hk dessert favourites as well as savory items such as the street style rice rolls and claypot rice . good spot for some late night snacking .	1062
1	if you are looking for a good preschool check out granny 's little genius . it is like family with owners who love the children and the teachers are dedicated to learning . it seems like every time we drop off our child there is another experience for them . my son has a ball here !	3836
1	simply botox but after 15 years the best ! thank you to dr. ross stutman , md , i believe you get what you pay for and this will last ! i will be back for filler and trust in your services .	2099
0	my wife needed her nails done , went here and it was slow and they did a horrible job . paint all over her skin on every nail . treated her hands like a lawnmower blade and not like a human . rough . coarse and sloppy . she will not be going back .	2922
1	now , i know that not everyone is perfect ! so with that in mind , i have always had great service at the pepboys on rancho . if something did n't go how it should have or there were ever any problems , they were always quick to fix it and to make sure i was always happy ! ! now with that in mind , i just received a very nice gift for christmas from the fleet regional manager rick skarda . just the thought alone was a great gift ! so i guess what i 'm trying to say is , they take care of there people ! ! ! !	2263
1	we are new to the area and found jasmine buffet through yelp . good selection , friendly staff , and clean atmosphere .	1302
1	love this place , i bring my 3 dogs all the time they do a great job and staff treats them like their own .	3779
0	walked with some lady friends of mine . asked the bartender some simple questions about what 's available . it was obvious from her response that women of colour are not welcome in this establishment . people of colour and allies go elsewhere .	3077
0	this dentist office is one to stay clear of . the dentist missed a broken tooth my wife had . the hygienist did a bad job on both myself and my daughter . the dentist also missed a number of problems with my families teeth and the business office over-billed us and were very rude . stay away from this place .	3766
1	my first time going in i only had a pedicure , which was awesome ! ! my second time i returned to try nexgen nails which they promote a lot and is a bit more pricey than regular acrylic ( $ 35 ) . the set lasted me six weeks ! ! i had no lifting nor did my hair get stuck . definitely will be returning .	838
1	very helpful and friendly staff . they greeted us as soon as we came in and asked how they could help , offering coffee and a couch for my husband . they have good quality fabric and their selection was different from other shops i 've been in . i 'll definitely be going back !	3136
1	awesome service ! i accidentally sent my mobile order to a different location ( and i was already late for work ) and the team graciously offered to save me the trip and make my order anyways . made my morning ! : )	1532
1	i have been to this post office several times . the last time i was there the guy behind the counter was so friendly and helpful . he went above and beyond to make sure to help me find the best way to package something at the best price . i am impressed with the excellent customer service and kindness from them !	2034
1	i was a new patient here and they took my insurance ( bcbs ppo ) . i saw dr. suni ( sunildat maheshwari ) and he was amazing . he took time to talk to me about what i was there for - he set his clipboard aside and we talked for about 15 minutes . the staff is friendly , but a bit busy for my taste - which is of course a good sign . i have been looking for a new pcp for awhile now and i believe i 've found it . the parking is great , it 's in a nice part of town , and the hours are awesome : late hours mon-thurs , and open weekends .	1562
0	spoiled beer , rude service , and bad location . would n't recommend to my worst enemy . trust me , steer clear of this dump .	421
0	the only reason why this place gets one star is because it was really organized and clean . my mom bought some of there meat and there was some discoloration of the meat and the meat had a god awful smell to it . i ended up getting sick from the meat . never buying meat here.. a little disappointed because it was my first time	1595
1	good pizza at a great price . the all meat pizza was loaded with toppings and hit the spot . the homemade lasagna was some of the best i 've had .	459
1	they were recommended to me by a friend who lives here , we are from oregon and visit every year for a month or two we had some air conditioning problems , freon , and matthew help us and got us back on the road . as i was waiting , i watched matthew with other customers , he was very helpful , knowledgeable , and professional , because of him i would recommend autozone to others if they need help . thanks matthew , bill and nancy from oregon ( see next march )	2502
1	a very nice salad enjoyed vey much but the person with had to ask for bread to be grilled and more sauce as it was very little .	1212
1	i 've been coming here for a while now and have to say im never let down . food and service have always been impeccable .	431
0	came here today 9/1 to pick up some donuts and they were completely rude . did n't even get a hello entering and was basically ignored . the blond kid behind the register had no clue on how to use it . the older female took forever to pick out a dozen and i do n't see why it would take 2 people to to fill 1 order . as i waited patiently to be served , they continue to ignore me by serving another guy that had just walked in . talk about complete bullshit .	2053
1	dr deka is great , she really takes good care of her patients and is always available if you have any questions . i highly recommend her	1589
1	cecil was awesome and honest ! he diagnosed the problem and told us the best option . i would definitely call mojave air conditioning again for any of my a/c needs .	2031
1	part of the next part of our anniversary night we came here for dessert round 2 ! for smores and a really nice place to lounge and be all romantic was perfect . took a very long to get our smores but the waiter informed us it was because there were only a limited allowed smores fires to be used in that restaurant .	621
0	do not like the way they do eyebrows and i went twice nothing changed.. i even showed her a picture of what i want and i have really nice thick eyebrows i just wanted my arch raised a little higher and cleaned up still left there very unhappy , have n't been since	3140
1	i come to this fry 's about once or twice every month . i love that they have drop off childcare for while you shop . that makes `` boring '' grocery trips more tolerable for my kiddo . i am always pleasantly surprised by the level of customer service the employees here provide . everyone seems so chipper and friendly . i am glad it is tucked away and not too busy here ! if you live in the ahwatukee foothills , you should shop here !	1967
1	second time my husband and i have used them . we bought our first camera system from costco . great product . easy to use . tech support was very helpful when we had a question . we needed to buy a new dvr . because we had a problem with the old one we had for four years . again customer service was wonderful and very helpful . we bought a new dvr . we were given a delivery due date that was acceptable . we got our new dvr a week earlier than expected . we will continue to use them . we have friends and family we have turned onto lorextech for their home security system .	2131
0	went in for the $ 19.99 oil change . ended up with a $ 100 bill , a laundry list of stuff to fix on the car and to top it off they damaged the o ring on the oil filter causing a further oil leak . will not go back here again !	3379
1	what a great place . my daughter and i were visiting from toronto , went for frozen yogurt one night and saw this place . next day we decided we needed a spot to get a new set of nails for her and a fill for myself . i called ahead from our hotel and they said they would stay open for us which was incredibly kind . got there at 730 pm and we both received our services quickly and professionally . they did a great job for both of us . will be back any time we are in vegas !	1272
0	service was good when i could get it but they tried to sell you parts not really needed - e.g . run capacitor . scheduling is always an issue with these folks , even when you have a maintenance agreement . better figure on three months out and you have to call them to schedule the appointment . i 'm done - finding a closer service provider .	1718
1	excited about the new place in the northside . finally have a place to drink sunday night . great beer selection . had a burger which was done extremely well . only down side was no one was here . people help support this bar . pirates season will be amazing but i do n't want them to reduce the hours . how many times were you looking for a chill place to eat and drink on a sunday night .	839
0	simply put ... it 's ok. a quick stop if you 're thirsty and want to spend starbucks money for a mediocre level product . cashiers were friendly & accommodating but i wo n't be visiting again .	2204
1	lorenzo is the only place and person i trust for my watches and jewelry he 's honest . works hard . and is very reasonable for the quality work he has done he has refurbished my grandfathers omega constellation , changed out bands , and repaired my wife 's tennis bracelet wish there were more places like this in town !	2064
0	i drove past this place a few times , and it seemed to have some potential . boy was i wrong . awful . the steak was so overdone i could n't chew it . the grilled shrimp were average . the best part of the dish was the seasoned rice , so no , i wo n't be going back .	1486
1	eddie came to our residence promptly , spent a great deal of time diagnosing the issue . made two trips ( at no extra charge ) to a supplier . he was personable , informative , and very careful with our refrigerator . particularly in removal and re installation . although eddie went above and beyond in terms of repairs and services his price very reasonable and a bargain . we will use a-1 appliance and eddie from here on and we are telling all of our friends and relatives about him .	3879
1	one of the few good korean restaurant in this area . they cut back on some things from the last time i came . but the food was good . i 'll be back .	435
1	i do not come here often but today the service was very good . my cashier was very helpful and sweet with a very nice smile . i appreciate good service ! the restroom needed attention but other than that very nice .	1220
0	to many times i 've been in there and they are just to busy talking to each other to help anyone . yesterday i stood right in front of two employees and they both looked at me , turned away and kept talking . i went to leave and one yelled out asking if she could help me . i went elsewhere and spent a couple hundred dollars . i 've spent a lot of money on their over priced stuff because i like to shop locally . but if they do n't care if i spend my money elsewhere then why should i ?	3612
0	what type of bar serves drinks in a thimble you ask ? this one ! what a freaking rip off . sure the waitresses were hot , but in zona , apparently all of the girls are hot . well at least in the .5 mile radius . they must grow because of the sun . they probably use photosynthesis . the atmosphere was n't too bad , but it was your typical bar , with typical bar food , with typical douchebags . solid one star for the rip off drink amounts .	180
1	where have you been all my life ? for the pastry snob that is used to delicacy type pastries , french and european , this place does n't disappoint . from eclairs and french horns , macaroons to cupcakes , i will never eat pastries from anywhere else again . and need a custom cake ? they do that too ; and better than any others i 've ever seen . i will never have a dessert from anywhere else but baker wee now for the rest of my life . quality , but affordable . thank you for reviving my dessert taste buds !	868
0	unlimited data means unlimited - not after 26gigs we slow your data down to an unusable level - this rule has to go - it is wrong to advertise that data is unlimited when it is not true . the people want unlimited fast data at any cost so invest in your network and upgrade it to make it happen . the wifi rates are outrageous and do n't make any sense - a second unlimited phone data line cost $ 50/month but wifi is $ 95 for only 22 gigs	1032
1	oh how i love me some mamason ! i came to wigland to explore my options being i refuse to do a lot with my hair this summer . oh how i wish i knew the ladies name at this shop being she is the sweetest most helpful lady . i can say if you visit on a day she not there , the gentleman is not as nice and helpful and seems to get skittish if there are to many people in the in the store at one time . if the store is slow , he can be pretty helpful . i 'll be back in the near future for more shirley 's !	1873
0	i had to bring my daughter here , because she was sick , we just moved to az , so do n't have a pediatrician for her yet . the staff was friendly , great doctor . they did n't do much , regular check up . ear , throat , check her temperature , and charged us $ 150 ... . for urgent care ? ? ? ? ? i am used to paying $ 40 . and they do n't tell u that in advance . will never go back ...	3698
1	as an update to my original post - gold 's took notice of my initial review and called me personally to thank me for the kind words and for being such a great member ! it 's awesome to hear from them and it just reinforces my love for gold 's ! if anyone is new to pittsburgh and looking for a health club , i would strongly suggest you checking them out ! thanks again for the call , the free month of membership , and the tshirt !	2338
0	from a visit a few months ago ... .when it was still hot outside i had the bahn mi dog w/ fries . it was very good . only major complaint was that the a/c was not working in the restaurant , so it was very hot .	1566
1	getting refinance on my car . great service ask for shue he is the best for your banking needs i got my higher interest cc transferred to a lower no annual fee and no transfer fee up to 2 months so i am saving 400 dollars each month . i am a happy camper .	3202
0	i was not able to place a togo order at the bar . bartender told me she was `` slammed '' . i had to walk to togo area to place order . i have never experienced this in any restaurant before . server was rude and not very welcoming as well . i did not receive a thank you for stopping in or anything . food was good , but the hospitality was not there from the bartender-3/30/18	1189
1	do n't go here often but needed something fabric related for a little diy project i was doing . the staff was helpful ( i had no idea where to look ) and i was in and out pretty quick .	3943
0	our doctors office moved here ( dr/owner retired ) so we had no choice but to try 4c . we were with our former drs office 22 years , but we will be with 4c only 2 visits . the service levels are simply ho-hum to disappointing . bye bye .	938
1	been here a couple of time . people here are always nice . mocha red bean smoothy is good .	716
0	we often order bubble tea from formocha , their tea is good and it 's close to the office . but every time we order big , this time 21 drinks , there is always something wrong or maybe is a new type of drink , 3 of us ordered match milk tea ( photo attached ) , they came with the perfect description on each drink , the colour is not as traditional matcha is , instead it is yellow ( like mango yellow ) , perhaps it is the new matcha ?	989
0	if the service was greatly improved , i may consider going back . the wraps are delicious . having to wait over 10 minutes to get drink orders and another 15 or so for food orders is a little ridiculous . especially for a place that 's never too busy .	1319
0	should have known better when all the other places around were busy and their parking lot was empty.server sucked , no ice in our drinks , cold fries , nasty chili or dog food , over priced frozen bar food and our orders were incorrect . we had a party of 9 , even my daughters grilled cheese was cold and not grilled . huge bill for nasty food , weird service and a regret for not just going to harrolds . i could make a list of things wrong with the food but i would be typing all day . wo n't go back .	211
1	this location is pretty big ! two levels . the staff is usually nice , they greet you and help you as well . my only probably is that this place is always a mess . all their things are every where . other than that i do n't mind going to this location .	1872
1	food and atmosphere great but service terrible . saw the server 3 times in 1 hour . no second drink and no dirty plated taken . hope it was just him .	632
1	i have come to taylors a few times now for things here and there and gotten really great prices as well as customer service ! as sometimes it may happen i got a bad part about 2 weeks ago and my car overheated yesterday and i could not move it . two of the guys from taylors came all the way to my home to make it right and put a new radiator on again ! talk about above and beyond ! i am so grateful and will be continuing my business relationship here for all my cars needs ! thankyou don , mark and eric for today : )	2308
1	i am so impressed with the pediatric side of montevista hospital in las vegas , nv . for 3 yrs we have tried to get help for our grandson . no one in az has helped . finally , the long term care he is getting should help ! at the very least , we have a break from all his abuse to us ! the hospital is pristine in cleanliness , the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable , the psychiatrist was very easy to work with and finally someone is listening and seeing the hell we 've been through for 11 yrs .	2068
1	its ayt . love the steak burrito swimming in cheese and sauce . but it a $ 1 to be like that . not a fan of the lighting , i dont like eating in the dark .	1365
1	love that they give you a huge bowl and they fill it all the way up . the salad is made fresh right in front of you , service was fast and it was crowded . staff was friendly as well .	147
1	got my free birthday egg sandwich great customer service , will definitely be back if in the area and need a quick breakfast .	1214
1	this was amazing . i drove in for a quick wash . i was pleasantly surprised they had a drive-through option ! it was a great price , very quick and my car looks amazing . the quick wash got my car very clean ! i will definitely be back to this location .	127
1	went in and was going to get a new game but insisted to give me the used version so that o can return it if i do t like it and that was awesome how they try to save u money	3027
0	i placed an order for a carbon fiber hood . i completed the order process online , my card was charged the full amount plus $ 75 shipping . i was emailed the next day and told that i needed to pay an additional 135 for shipping . when i received the shipping notice email ( 2 weeks later ) i noticed the shipping amount was significantly less . when i questioned it i was told the additional was for sales tax and when i questioned that , i never heard back . i wo n't be doing business again with vividracing.com . that is a shady .	978
0	after buying $ 1,000 washing machine from these guys it broke . while it was still under warranty it took over eight weeks for them to come and fix it . can you imagine going 8 weeks without a washing machine ! i went to these guys because they were local and i wanted to support a local business but it will be the last time that i buy anything from them . they have great customer service until something goes wrong and then you 're sol .	3784
1	i think the main guy who works here is named mo . he was such a friendly and cool person to talk to . he gave me a sweet deal on a water pipe that i bought . i highly , highly recommend going to hi life . it definitely beats the smoke shop right behind it .	1556
0	customer service is terrible . needed to do an exchange and they were more concerned with keeping inventory straight . they make that situation the customers problem .	3780
1	very friendly service..went out of their way to make my order . gave me a free drink for my inconvience .	870
1	john helped us out this morning . he was charming , helpful and generous ! got us hooked up with a free upgrade to a mustang ( as it was available ) . it was very quick and pain free experience , not your usual when it comes to car rentals . thank you john ! the price was right , the service great ; this was the most streamlined car rental experience for us to date . do n't go to fox , spend the extra hundred for proper service and a quality vehicle .	2134
1	managed to get a great deal by booking several months in advance at this hotel and glad we did . the hotel appears to be brand new and is modern and elegantly designed . the rooms are well appointed and beautifully furnished ... there was a little noise from other guests , but not obtrusive . the free use of gold 's gym was also a great bonus ... all in all , we loved it and would not hesitate to return ...	3859
1	i was in town to play in a celebrity/ charity hockey tourney . met up with some boys from college and stayed here . the hotel was great . pool was fantastic . location was great . only down side was there was some construction going on outside and they started at 7am sharp . it sounded like it was right outside our rooms . the sliding doors were shut , but did n't help . thank god that was only friday morning as they were n't working sat and sun .	1859
1	this was a perfect hotel for a 4-day stay . hotel staff was nice . my room overlooked a park . it was really quiet all day and all night . the room was clean and tidy . there was plenty of parking . room was just a few steps away from my car . back entrances are access-controlled with the room key . good selection of television stations . price was awesome too !	2772
1	from my first encounter with cassie , my sales rep , through the final modifications to my in-floor cleaning system , ( thanks ron and jarod ) cdc pools demonstrated their ability to transform an old , worn out eyesore into a beautiful , showpiece . i am no longer embarrassed to have friends and family over for a swim party . instead , i welcome every opportunity to show off the terrific job done by cdc pools . the new tile , stair accents and micro-pebble tech finish look so nice that sometimes my wife and i sit out back with no intent of swimming , just to enjoy the oasis cdc has created for us . would i use cdc again , most definitely !	659
0	a storage locker is just a storage locker . the only thing that really makes one better than the next is price and customer service . i made the mistake of not shopping around and when i discovered that public storage on camelback is significantly more than its competitors , i still was n't motivated to relocate to more reasonable storage until the office staff became increasingly rude . paying more is irritating but there was no way i was going to continue to support staff who have no sense of customer satisfaction and basic courtesy . clearly they do n't realize that the bottom line is that it is the cusomter that pay their salary . never again , good riddance	3521
1	this has the be the best dentist office i have been to . they treat you with the utmost respect and are patient . i have had my wisdom teeth pulled and many other things completed and have never had an issue . they are very up to date with technology which is a plus for someone like me . they send you text reminders of appointments so you do n't have to answer a call on your busy work day . thank you dental depot for all you do !	3004
0	i have been a customer at this walgreens for over 15 years . the quality of the staff has gone back and forth during that time . but i had an experience this evening that needs to be recorded . roxeanne was rude and condescending during my transaction . i would not post a bad review under just any circumstances . but , she was what i would call `` flippant '' . she was snotty and disrespectful . she is not someone that i feel walgreens really wants as the `` face '' of their company .	1733
0	brought out cold food . to be fair , they changed it for us and apologized but did not taste good at all . i would 've been able to make a better pasta sauce and cutlet at home . the wine was also brought to us after the food because they did n't have enough wine glasses . a joke ! extremely overrated .	728
1	they do an amazing job ! i always receive compliments after i have them done there . the other time i was in utah and had them done , the person did a horrible job ... so came back to vegas and my girl did her thang ! would 've given 5 stars but as said on previous reviews ... the girls are a bit cold , unwelcoming and not very charismatic .	460
1	this experience was a joy . the food was great . service was great . i started out at the currito burrito . without borders . they were rude . went to marathon and they offered a frequent buyer card . such a great experience . i 'll be back here .	6
0	not sure how `` feelings '' are involved here . this is a business transaction . you delivered subpar amateurish work and were judged for it . deal with it and adjust . provide competant trained employees and screw the damn cap on . excuses do no one no good . your response offered nothing more than to further demonstrate your lack of accountability .	565
1	i lifted my boycott . i am a creepy guy . i like coming here and doing hoodrat stuff with my friends . http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=qcqognqyxp4	2004
0	super shady business practices , getting out of a gym membership is easier than getting out of one of the packages ! they claim freezing or canceling is possible when you give a months notice but it 's a lie . the owner is rude . no thanks ! go anywhere else , there 's a ton of places around that do n't charge nearly as much and are much nicer .	1816
1	ordered by phone from the states . left vm the night before and was woken up the next morning by a chipper and helpful salesgirl who was ready with suggestions .	1927
0	i 'm member for two years . lately me and my wife we do not have the time to drive to the fitness because of the kids practise every other day . we decide to cancel the month to month contract . first takes over 20 minutes on the phone . second they will charge you for the next month fee because they need 30 days notice . third they will charge you a yearly fee . so it may looks affordable but if you decide to cancel does not look that audible anymore .	342
0	horrible cust . service there atms machines were down had my family all packed up to watch a movie with no consideration the manager says sorry there 's nothing we can do , i even asked can we eat h the movie and after pay after and he says nope ! but tell me to go across the street and use the atm there , my movie was about to start and i explained that also just think there was more he could of done then just shut us down so if off the amc we go ! ! !	2524
0	worst ever ! ! ! ! ! ! ! do not use ! ! ! i 've moved over 15 times in my life and this is by far the worst company i 've ever dealt with . lot 's of up charges after the fact ... they did a lot of damage . the sales people do there job and it all sounds great and then look out ! ! ! ! ! !	2975
0	possibly the most useless and indifferent gate staff . not helpful , not attentive . basically , check yourself in ... no explanation nor apology for flight delays ... uncomfortable seats , inefficient process .	1623
0	this place back in the early 2000 was much better tasting according to my memory . the squid and fish balls were larger and better tasting . same owner , but the place looks `` tired '' if you know what i mean . such a shame , i really enjoyed their noodle back then .	1477
1	these folks are great . they have dog and cat supplies too . great service to your car . they ask to help you . advice and assistance is freely offered .	530
0	i do n't care if it is good or it bites . i 've been waiting 45 min since ordering with no food served in a restaurant with only 4 of 25 tables occupied . never again	50
1	service is good . they are all kind and nice . and omgosh their massage was unforgettably great .	3559
0	the service at this location is slow , the prices are outrageous , the food is totally sub-par , the drinks are always made super duper weak , and they close really early . i do n't suggest coming here for a good time . the servers are nice , but i would suggest going to a more delicious location .	705
1	penguin air was perfect and steve was wonderful ! patiently explained the system , how it works and how to get the best and safest use from the equipment . will gladly have him back , thank you steve ! !	2203
0	came out to check my water softener . told me that the unit is disposable and not worth repairing . i was charged $ 90 for the 15 min it took to diagnose and tell me that . so now the new water softener will just be an extra $ 90 . do n't recommend .	3138
0	i was looking for a nice nail place and went here because of the reviews . i am not happy with my choice . they do horrible job . the lady was very fast at painting my nails and it looks messy . good thing i chose nail color that does n't show her messiness . i would n't recommend this place . if you like your nails neat , go somewhere else .	2977
0	this is the worst dealership i have ever done business with . had my car a couple of months . these people are unprofessional and a bunch of damn crooks . sold myself and my husband a car passenger side rear view mirror broke we were promised that it would get fixed . had this car for 7 months or so and still has n't been fixed . first they say they can fix it then they say they ca n't find a part so it will be a used part . everyone there are assholes and unprofessional .	1488
1	highly recommend focus plumbing ! jim was really nice and very helpful ! he gave us some good tips and i felt like he genuinely cared and not just there to get money . give them a call for all your pluming needs .	1714
1	first off land rover las vegas is a tier 1 establishment . second to none . after you buy a vehicle the person you interact with the most at the dealership is your service advisor . gary morris , my service advisor , has helped me over the years with 3 different vehicles . gary 's customer service is top notch and he always makes my visit as easy as possible . it 's people like this that bring value to a company and that have helped keep me and my family land rover customers .	2659
1	very good pizza , though the thin crust got soggy quickly . the thick crust might be the way to go , if you can handle all that dough . we had the quattro formagio on thin crust , and it was one of the best 4 cheese pizzas i 've eaten . sauce was good , cheese was great quality . only quibble is about that crust - i like my cracker thin and crispy ! service was reasonably quick and polite , maybe a bit better than we experienced other places in a tourist oriented town . one pizza fed 2 of us quite satisfactorily .	282
1	excellent food and great service . this is my favorite cora as there 's normally not a long wait ( if any ) for a table , and food arrives at a reasonable speed . the waitresses are very helpful also , and keeps checking back on us for refills on our coffee .	1060
1	adorable coffee shop on the west side . very eclectic & comfy cozy . good music & lots of interesting places to sit . the frappucchino is really wonderful too .	2219
0	this has to be the worst indian restaurant i 've ever eaten at . maybe they were having a bad night , but the food was atrocious . i ordered chicken tikka masala and the color of the masala looked like light brown dog food . the taste was super bland and i could only eat about one third of the meal before throwing it out . the chicken was dry , chewy and far from any kind of tenderness . we also had the chicken tikka and the chicken was also the same , hard and chewy . super disappointing meal !	640
0	this is now called zips car wash. we just got the cheapest car wash package ( $ 10 ) with free pre-big treatment . the whole car wash did very little . left dirt on the back , bird poop and bugs all over the front of the car . only good thing was the suction of the vacuum . i 'll go back taking my chances with a gas station car wash from now on .	3036
1	a surprise find with a great mission . food was delicious -- had the `` turkey day '' with cran-peña ( yes - cranberry & jalapeño ) sauce on super good sourdough bread comes with a salad that has homemade dressing and cherry tomatoes sliced on a mandolin ! my husband had a pot roast dip sandwich that was huge and it was actually was turkey - yet tasted like beef ! also enjoyed a lot ! their mission of working with three main charity organizations for assistance is touted and obvious inside the restaurant . great people work who are warm and very helpful . going back ! ! !	277
0	every time i go in there david helps me he needs to get a sense of humor change his attitude because he 's a bump on a log and is not inviting or friendly	2159
0	i contacted this business because they had such great reviews . i moved to arizona almost a year ago and did n't want to go another summer without protecting the paint on my suv . i asked for a quote for oxidation removal and protective coat on my toyota 4runner . the emailed response i received was `` sorry , we are booked a week out . '' really ? i only asked for a quote and would have waited for an appointment .	2382
1	i 'm always treated with respect when i go in . these people always remember my name and i 'm not a big tipper , i 'm on a budget . i plan to start using yelp more often and letting people know my opinions .	1783
0	me and my friend visit this place im not really crazy about this place its really old and dark inside , food is ok but not really in top of the line for restaurant like this ! and they can really use a big remodeling ,	717
0	the crab legs were delivered cold and with no krackers . no refills on drinks . waitress friendly but not accommodating in her profession . spoke to mgt but doubt it made difference . i hate leaving bad reviews because the person reading doesnt know the background or basis of my post . check my other reviews	201
1	i 've always liked mexican food but when i tried my first chipotle bowl , it absolutely blew me away . i love mexican food for sure . & with jalapeno sauce it is even better . this is definitely a place i can always stop by to grab a quick bite at .	214
1	great days of golf and two terrific meals outside with a sunset . great pace to get away for the day .	1138
1	this place is very organized , friendly and unique . staff was on the ball and made sure every customer was attended to . it is a bit pricey , but i will definitely go again .	3813
0	horrible property management company , one cheap chinese broker . kept our deposit and neglected thru out our stay . do not rent a property from these bogus cheap place . should be rated f+	3375
0	the security took the drink out of my hand even though it was 15 minutes before close . everyone else was great but the management was awful .	1176
0	i was a member here for years , loved the people . volunteered as a prayer chaplain . wow , lots of things have changed ! not 4 the good ! they now have a pastoral care minister from chicago who is extremely prejudiced against vegans , kicked me off the prayer chaplain program and asked me not to come back to worship ! consider me gone ! at least until this jimmy scott person is !	1899
1	defiantly the best car wash i 've ever been to ! i got a triple step wax by husam and he made my car feel like it had a brand new gloss finish and in the sun it looks like a mirror ! the service was amazing and he was super kind and confidant in his detailing . i really recommend coming to this car wash for all your detailing needs !	2198
0	i went in here to pick up some odds and ends and was trailed by the security guard like a bad smell . i am very familiar with the area and completely aware of the necessity for vigilance to avoid being robbed blind , but this was intense . i do n't think i look particularly sketchy especially in comparison to some of the other clientele . and i know i should n't take it personally , but hot damn it annoyed me and was enough to make me boycott this location permanently .	3384
1	the food and drinks here are pretty good , especially if you go for their lunch/dinner special ! but the service here is really bad , the servers do n't really pay attention . if you 're going during popular times you can expect a line up .	176
0	panda express food is awesome as it ever had been since i tried back in california , when i saw that they were now here in cleveland , i jumped with joy ! ! all was great ! except the employees , they are rude , they made fun of a gentleman just because he wanted more soy sauce in his plate , the girl went to her manager mocking that they did not have gravy at that location ! talk about culture shock for this girl ! ! even though i really like panda express , i will not return to this location cause of the rude employees ! learn to appreciate your customers and their culture !	1075
0	came to to bass pro shop to see santa ... . kids were very excited to see santa.. advertisement says santa will be there till 5 .. we got there like around 3:30 and line to santa was already closed.. it 's bullshit how they advertise something that ai n't even true.. we drove pretty far just for bs..	2601
1	this is a great place ! they sometimes do have a long line and some some extra cashiers but here 's a helpful hint : most times if there is a long line you can pay with a credit card inside the hotel . overall the staff is very friendly and helpful and the grooming salon is wonderful as is the banfield located in the store . their staff and nurses are some of the best we have experienced since we started using banfield ! !	2108
1	the best thai food on this side of town . i usually get the massaman curry or the pineapple fried rice and both are as good as you can get anywhere . it is a small mom and pop kind of place for dining in but great service and really good food .	1450
1	it 's the 3rd time i used their service , this time for my chihuahua mix and our new baby yorkie ! the tech was on time , friendly and helpful , she even gave me tips on what to do in between grooming visits . my babies look and smell so good ! i am very pleased !	1218
1	i received on time delivery which was professional and fast . they assembled my bed in less time than i thought it would take . they were friendly but took care of business . i love my new guest room bed .	3854
1	i set up an appointment online and got a call within 10 minutes . they showed up at my door in 20 . courteous and quick . they even walked through my irrigated yard to carry my junk to their truck . very affordable and professional . highly recommended . i 'd give them more stars if offered ! !	3663
0	service is very rushed . went to have an updo done for an event and the stylist took his time the first 35 minutes and then rushed the rest of it to try and get it done . he was clearly trying to make his appointment . i was not satisfied with my hair . one side looked great but the other was flat and he was rushing to pin it . stylists would benefit from more time allotted for updos . when paying that much , the client deserves the proper attention .	2509
0	the absolute worst management . the people are not happy , no one acts like they care if you shop there or not . they carry only the most basic items , as though it were a poorly run 7-11 . i tell myself every time i go , that it will be my last trip ... and then i forget since its so close to my home . but today they had there last chance at my money . i am done with them and safeway . no stars . but i had to choose at least one	2105
0	a real disappointment . the service was slow , our waiter was annoyingly arrogant , food was very average ( tuna was accompanied with potatoes in a tomato purée and some kind of spice that did n't match very well ) and it was over priced . tacky decor too . do n't waste your time .	971
0	1 star for the soda that was the best thing i had here . the asada taco did n't have no taste , and the pork taco was burnt . the cashier was rude .	791
0	worst customer experience i 've ever had . not only did they destroy my clothing , they tried blaming the high end manufacturer . take responsibility for your actions . the manufacturer would be out of business if the clothes got destroyed every time they were taken to a dry cleaner .	861
1	been meaning to try this place for a while and finally tonight my husband and i stopped in for dinner at the bar . the service was friendly , atmosphere was a nice surprise for such a small town and we both were really happy with our meals . we will definitely be back . a great local spot .	982
0	went here a while ago . it 's in a pretty bad area . my barber took for ever with my my hair . i made an appointment so no waiting . but he would talk at moments to others the . would focus back on my hair . and to be honest i did not like the haircut .	3574
0	ridiculously bad `` doctors . '' the internet helped me with my foot problem , but the `` doctor '' did n't seem to want to really help me at all with my real problem ( my foot ) , he really wanted me to say that i was depressed or anxious so that he could give me some meds ! `` so ... are you depressed ? '' `` no . '' `` are you sure ? ? ? ''	2631
0	poorly executed ... who serves coors , blue moon and cider at a mexican taco festival ? no mexican beer ? what the hell ? $ 6 for a crap beer and you have to eat standing up ! do n't waste your time .	1392
0	i took my bike there over the summer to have the brakes repaired and a general tune up . i was told it would take about a week . after twelve days i called and it still was n't ready . if it was going to take so long they could have just told me in the first place or at least called after a week or so to say it would be a few more days . i also had an issue with the seat that needed addressed , however that problem was not fixed , the seat still swivels back and forth when i ride . they did fix the brakes , but not sure if i would go there again .	1931
1	the manager , jason sanford , is the best ! friendly and knowledgable ! if you want a great experience , see him ! he 'll help you with all your needs !	1059
0	i 've never felt less welcomed at a gym in my life . a lot of the staff members are extremely rude and only care about making a sale . sleazy place , half of the pictures posted above are n't even this la fitness . overall , i 'd recommend looking at other gyms .	2066
1	i was recently referred to midas by autozone . unfortunately , this was a result of unintentional damage to the head lights in my car by an autozone employee . autozone corrected the problem by providing two new complete head lights assemblies which were installed by midas . the midas employees were friendly , worked very quickly , and the work was done to my satisfaction . i was in and out of the store in 25 minutes . i was very please with the service provided .	1055
0	unprofessional , expensive , sloppy work . do i need to say more ? ? most of the employees here are very unprofessional they like to be on there phones n talking to each other more then they talk to the customers . they really do n't know what good customer service is about and to top it off their work is pretty sloppy .	655
0	bought the teak butcher block . it is chipped and severely warped . you ca n't open the box to view it before purchasing . they will not refund our money for this bad product . one week before christmas even ! so now we are stuck with this faulty , non leveled countertop . do yourself a favor and go somewhere more reputable .	2763
1	super fast , efficient and knowledgable service . the owner was friendly and patiently answering passport and passport photo - related questions from the person he was serving before me , even though i 'm sure he 's repeated the same phrases a gazillion times . i waited in line , got my photo taken and was out the door in probably 5 mins . i 'm not exaggerating ! mondays at lunch hour seem to be a really good time to stop by .	2753
0	we walked to the dealership from our hotel ( 2miles ) and when we got there we thought it was a nice shop . when we were looking for our `` vegas '' harley shirt to purchase we continually got hassled from the pushy sales lady . we felt like we were doing something wrong . they must have a big theft issue in this store because the sales lady would n't leave us alone . we decided to leave and it was n't worth being bothered for a shirt .	3078
1	best bakery in arizona ! they made a delicious beautiful cake for my mom ! the cakes look gorgeous and taste incredible ! you will not be disappointed !	1806
0	i called rc willey after a home depot associate told me they carry gas burners for fireplaces so i called josephine in appliances and she said yes they did . i drove there and she walked me around the store and showed me electric fireplaces . why do these people make me waste my gas and time on wild goose chases . she should be reprimanded . three or four male appliance sales people bored out of their minds . no business . greeter on the way out says thanks for coming .	439
1	this is the place to go ! best sandwiches in the state of arizona no doubt ! i take all the ladies here cause it 's a guaranteed good experience . the workers are bad ass . 100 % come here for a perfect dcperixeb	277
1	if you are looking for a place to store your items in the west valley this is the place ! ! ! we moved cross country in the middle of the az summer with our entire house . you ca n't beat the indoor climate control and cleanliness of these units . the pricing was great as well . jeff was very helpful before we arrived as well as during our 5 months there ! ! security is top notch as well .	3288
1	this is a honest good hearted company ! ! the nurses truly care and the staff is genuinely concerned with your well being . and to top it off the food is really good for being in a hospital	2068
1	mmm crepes ! ! had the sweet potato crepe , and it was delicious . perfect amount of sweetness ( i had asked for the maple syrup on the side but ended up pouring most of it onto the crepe anyway ) . i tried a bit of my friend 's green tea red bean crepe and i was n't a big fan . it was a bit too sweet and dense for me . ordered a black forest latte as well . it was pretty sweet , and served lukewarm . i could probably do without the latte , but would come back for the crepes !	891
0	i wish i checked reviews before i went inside . i usually go up the road a bit , but my usual nail tech is on vacation so i tried this place . terrible . she put polish thinner in my polish and it still is n't completely dry , hours later . the topcoat is dry , so there all wrinkly looking . it 's terrible . they 're not even at all , every nail is different . none of them are smooth . do n't waste your money . plus a full took almost an hour and a half . usually i 'm out in 30-40 . no thank you !	2035
0	i went to this place in real pain and things were changing as far as pain levels and then he adjusted me and almost blew out a disk by over powering me to make an adjustment . i found a real healing doctor that explained that these pop and crack places are n't good for you if they do n't warm you up and loosen you up first .	3186
0	whatever you do , do not order delivery . the delivery driver will deliver half your order then tell you it 's your job to call to get it fixed then they will ask you to come in and get the items they forgot . contacted the restaurant and they said they 'd call right back . waited 20-30 mins and still no response . i wish there was a zero star option because what food we received was n't even warm . you have been warned !	459
0	good atmosphere for an intimate small party . food is n't great . there are some all you can eat japanese buffets that tastes better . and the prices are n't cheap either . for example , miso soup , cod , sashimi and ice cream is $ 55 . if you have coupons you must print them . also , try to check trip advisor and groupon , they have discounts for this place . overall , pricey for mediocre food but good atmosphere .	422
0	does n't come off like a real starbucks . the iced coffee is watered down ( tried over a couple different days to be sure ) and i had to teach them how to make a starbucks doubleshot on ice . i do n't get the impression they 're trained/managed like a typical starbucks and could use some supervision to bring them in line with the model . however , staff is nice and it 's a comfortable little location .	1351
1	mff installed granite in our kitchen and 3 baths . i had an idea of what i wanted and the took me to the slabs . they had exactly what i was looking for . the price was good and the installers were great and on time . i will go back for my next home .	3875
1	i really liked his salon .i walked in no appointment . i picked my colors and showed the nail tech what i was wanting and she did a great job . i had a manicure , pedicure and eyebrow wax . yes it 's a little expensive but the service was good and everyone was friendly .	786
0	had my car towed there because i was told on the phone they had a set of take-off tires in very good condition . after my car gets dropped off and i show up - these tires are dry rotted and in horrible shape . instead i asked them to just switch out the wheels with another set i had temporarily because i did not like my tire options . $ 60 bucks for some rubber valve stems that cost $ 1 - this place is a joke and will take advantage of you if you 're in a compromising situation .	88
1	cassablanca express is the best place to book travel with . over the past few years they have had my business and i am very impressed . just this past year , they booked me in the plaza hotel for basically nothing and i was very impressed with it . i recommend cassablanca express to anyone .	1777
0	i specifically ordered no onions on my salad , and of course , it came with a tons of onions . also , the menu stated that my salad came with fries and there were no fries on my salad . i ordered takeout so going back to the restaurant was n't an option for me . when i was standing at the counter , one of the cooks in the back got loud with someone i assume was the manager and said `` get off my back maryann . i do n't need to wear gloves every time i make a salad . '' very concerning . not happy with this experience at all .	608
1	excellent service . great staff and the manager mike is awesome , his customer service level is off the charts , they the best tire shop in las vegas , thank you mike !	3860
1	my experience with land rover in las vegas has always been good . they are a very trusted dealership . they do not try to push service or repairs you do not need . land rover keep up the great trusted work !	2659
0	great product of course but that is not the problem . cashiers ! can your hire some ? i 've been at this store three different times since thanksgiving and the lines are at least six people deep . i put down my purchases and left . i guess i am impatient but i would rather not wait that long . get your multi staff on the floor check out devices so that they can ring a customer out ! or add another register at the front .	1765
0	class was fun for a bachelorette but not nearly worth the endless telemarketers . they force you to sign `` release '' and then sell your information .	3629
1	j'adore aller à cette boutique c'est vrai que le service est impeccable tous les employés sont hyper brillant et connaissent bien leur matériel ! !	3579
0	do n't go to nybb ! the staff is is incompetent & lazy . told the counter person i had never been there before . they literally walked away without saying anything . they did n't offer any suggestions/help/explanations . my order was wrong when i got it . because it had the wrong condiments it tasted disgusting . nybb is extremely overpriced . do not go to nybb !	325
0	the service was really good . we came for dinner the food did n't have much flavor . the appetizers were the best part in particular causa rellena . overall great service the food was n't as tasty and a little expensive for the quality of food .	927
1	we have been taking my daugher here since she was born . we really like dr. patterson . she is very nice and friendly . also , she explains everything clearly to us . the assisntants are very professional and they are always making sure my daugher is fine and confortable . i love the attention we receive . great place and enviroment to take your kids for a good health care .	3893
1	anthony did an amazing job on my nails . especially because the previous job i had was horrible . he brought them back to life . i did have a 30 minute wait and i was there as soon as they opened i was the first one at the door . they did have appointments though so i was n't upset . i loved the color they had however a lot of their colors were dried out . luckily i found the perfect color : ) anthony always kept a convo and he 's a great business man . i enjoyed my first time there .	1429
1	update : thanks to the owner for helping me out . after reading my frustration on here it was definitely a miscommunication and a glitch in their system and they called me immediately and offered service for free since it was a mistake on the systems end . she was a sweetheart , i really enjoyed the wash and condition and the scalp massage . if i lived here i definitely would come back ! thank you for turning a frustrating situation around . i greatly appreciate it	1935
1	living spaces is a great place to look for furniture ! highlights for me would be their clearance section , staff is not on commission and thus are non-pressure , extremely friendly pickup department , and free assembly within 24 hour notice for pickup !	2071
0	these guys have nice clean bathrooms and are convenient to the bars up the street if you 're grossed out by the bathrooms at the bars . also , even if you 're just in the casino to use the restrooms , they do n't hassle you . but they sure do make a weak vodka tonic .	2500
1	i 've been in the store two times and both times i 've had great customer service . today there were quite a few people waiting ahead of me , but they have que set up and you can see on the tv 's where you are in line . demetrius helped me today and was very courteous and solved my problem quick . in the past stoan had helped me when i decided to switch from direct to cox . as many reviewers have said , do n't waist your time on the phone with cox customer service as they are n't the best . visit the cox store and you 'll get your problems resolved in fast and friendly way !	2633
1	went for free with houseseats.com ( strongly recommend them if you 're a local btw ) and we got seats in the very front just inches from the stage . i 've seen some of the more `` modern '' topless revues , but this one blows them away . the girls were classy and beautiful , the sets/costumes/effects were incredible , and it was such a fun night . this show is 100 % vegas.. cheese , sleeze , and glamour all rolled into one .	3069
1	i got so lucky finding toni & guy . they have the most convenient hours they 're open late and on sundays as well . adam is one of the owners and he did my hair . adam had me out in less than an hour . he gave me the best shampoo i ever had . he is way underpriced for the services he provides . i am so happy with my cut & style ( he was very respectful of my length ) . my hair has never felt so bouncy ! ! ! !	2274
1	i like this walgreens a lot , i do n't come here as often as i think i should because i dont think they 'll have what i 'm looking for but when i do go , they have everything i bought somewhere else ! it 's very clean , and the staff is always letting me know of any deals or specials happening : )	3923
1	awesome place to have coffee . had order a few hot drinks and all of them were very delicious . my hot chocolate was little too sweet and trust me i can take sweet , just a little . nice ambiance , friendly staff . very warm and cozy place . fireplace adds a nice touch though it 's very hard to actually find a place near one : ( amazing to see people displaying their artwork for sale on the walls . very creative .	2163
1	i 've been here three times now and i am continually pleased with my meal ! the food is fresh and flavorful , the sauces are yummy , and the shakes and malts are great ! plus , the workers are always nice and accommodating ! this is definitely a new favorite place of mine : )	998
0	people in town rave about this place so i decided to try them . ordered 1 large pizza ... .. took almost an hour to be delivered . they forgot to add the garlic sauce i had ordered , so the driver made a second trip to bring it back . the pizza was luke warm and barely any toppings . i honestly was disappointed . i 'm not really sure what people were raving about , abruzzo in richmond hill ( yonge and 7 area ) is much better .	1076
1	everyone at the summerlin branch is always helpful , friendly and accommodating . they go out of their way to assist members . tops in their field . best oncu office around ! !	1141
0	came here with a 9 year old , 12 , and 14 year old and the lady suggested to go into grossology exhibit . paid our 5 dollars and was extremely disappointed it was made for 3 year olds . really mad that the lady suggested this for us . wanted to ask for our money back . the rest of the museum was okay . had to ask a few times for them to refill some of their experiments .	3891
0	the patties are frozen store patties - that 's a big no no for me when i 'm paying more than what i would pay at mc'donalds or wendy 's . they 're not even good frozen patties either ! they 're bland mixed with more bland ! the seasoning needs a lot work as well , guess what ? it 's also pretty bland . i did what i always do when going to rate food , i follow it up with a mass produced version of what i had . so , i had a quarter pounder brought it home and added the ingredients that were missing . the qp was much better and it was 7 dollars !	992
1	the best vegetables in town . we price checked against metro and longos and whole foods is cheaper for produce -- and better quality .	3271
1	i love that they offer dollar sticks appetizer whole day . their isaw & liempo are really good .	817
1	huge beer list , good food , friendly service	3344
1	the team of sales reps at klas are the best . very knowledgable . they know the vegas marketplace . thank you for the great exposure klas ! ! !	1870
0	ca n't recommend . very few flavors and fruit toppings compared to yogurtland and the taste just is n't as good . and yogurtland provides free drinking water , menchies sells drinking water .	738
0	tons of picture dics . many records that you would find in dollar bins , priced like they were new . but , i guess if your the only store in town ... thank g i dont live in vegas .	2570
1	purchased a new car here after reading many mixed reviews i have to say my experience was great stuck to the deal over phone no bs in finance happy customer ! ! thank you kevin emmons	2210
1	i 'm not exactly sure why there is such reviews of this place . i 've been in constant contact with the realtor i 'm working with . we were able to get a home to lease that fit our budget at no time at all . the realtor had been nothing but nice & helpful to me throughout the process . he even made efforts during his vacation to answer his phone & meet me at the office the next day during a holiday . thank you for all that you 've done to make it a pleasurable experience .	3126
1	i love this restaurant . i have been going there for almost 12 yrs now . i have never had a bad experience with the food . only service 1-2 times that i 've been there . the hostess/manager is so nice & very warm to customers . the food , is delicious , i ca n't choose a fav because everything tastes so good & fresh . not many japanese restaurants have good terriyaki & sushi , but sagano certainly does . the view is spectacular , never mind that it 's scarborough & not the toronto skyline , it is beautiful ! !	422
0	good food , horrible service ! ! ordered take-out and it took 45 minutes to get our food and the manager `` scott '' blamed my husband for not speaking up sooner after he admitted he himself wondered why my husband was waiting up front for so long . they do n't care about customer service in the least , very rude and condescending .	408
1	the best ! honest , thorough , knowledgeable , priced right ! we are repeat customers , they are my first call every time i need help	3341
1	this is our favorite dim sum place in mississauga . great quality food , lots of variety , and cart service . very authentic and traditional dishes , as well as something new now and then ( like green tea sesame balls ) . love it !	338
1	i was looking for a pair of hiking shoes and decided to look in morgans . they had a great selection and prices . will definitely think of them in the future when i need shoes .	1627
0	not the same restaurant from a few years back . we went on christmas eve and the food was horrible . restroom smells foul . the whole place did moot feel clean	1264
1	we recently hired matt to paint the exterior of our 11-year old house in estrella . to say that he did a fabulous job would be an understatement . he and his crew were on time every day , and did their work methodically and efficiently . the end result makes us feel as if we have a brand new house . it is beautiful ! thank you , matt , for a job well done !	3915
0	the sushi here is ok . it is pricey for vaughan though ! i have no problem with higher prices if the portions are generous ... . but the portions are small ( relative to other japanese restaurants in dt toronto i frequent often ) .	733
0	my pedicure was n't high quality and the spa is n't sanitary . i had to ask the manager to put a towel down on the dirty platform when fixing my toes after he asked me to sit back in the spa chair . when i called to speak to corporate , kelly was extremely rude and hung up on me when i asked to speak to the owner . their customer service is terrible despite all the surrounding competition . the risk of infection and bad customer service scream run !	3652
0	horrible experience . i would give negative stars if possible . the doctor i saw was condescending , patronizing and uncompassionate . i will never return to this office or any goodman & partridge office . there are much better ob/gyns to be found in the valley .	2625
0	this place was recommended to us by a waiter at a restaurant ... i guess it was our mistake for asking a yuppity hipster where we should get our drinks . these guys could n't make a good drink if their bob marley posters depended on it . the bartenders clearly did n't want to be spending their friday night serving drinks . maybe find a new profession ? our drinks were weak . we left with $ 50 out of our pockets and sober enough to pass an alcohol test . we went to a small bar right down the street and got perfectly inebriated on $ 30 .	292
0	the worst service in the world . thousands spent and they can not even meet a gigantic 6 hour window . late by hours . horrible . avoid this rapidly deteriorating firm at all costs .	2071
1	not sure what the deal is with all the negative reviews for dr shaba ... i 've had nothing but good experiences with him ... he 's treated me for a couple of different things and is always friendly as well as the staff is very friendly and professional and courteous ... i will admit sometimes there is a pretty long wait but what doctors office does n't have you wait ? i would absolutely recommend him and his staff very very happy overall and a lifetime customer	2777
1	i will be honest , i was going to just get some papa johns to be safe , but after seeing the yelps on jesse 's i had to give it a try . damn glad i did . i had their large supreme and loved the thin crust and high quality ingredients . it will feed 3-4 hungry guys if you get some appetizers . we got the chicken fingers done with medium sauce and loved them . their garlic cheese bread is a hoagie bun sliced , so not large , but oh so delicious . this place is the best . if you are in thier delivery area there is no other option , not sure about dining in .	1399
0	i feel dirty saying this , but i ate lunch here on friday . i usually do n't stoop to eating at taco bell , unless i am really drunk , hungry , and it is the only place open . i was late for a meeting , broke , and it was the closest place i could get lunch for the $ 2.50 i had on me . i got two crunchy taco supremes , which are just tacos with sour cream . they were gross , and i hope the next time i am drunk i will remember this .	3
0	it was okay here . nothing special , great for big groups with no where to go since the service is really slow . i think the servers should be allowed to wear sneakers that might help improve the service . they tried to feed me pork when i specifically said that i do not want pork . good thing i was n't allergic	102
0	worst experience ever these asians are crooks and liars dont shop here . the dishwasher i bought did n't work and they wo n't refund my money . i 'm out 400 $ bbb said they are trying to shut them down they sell dented garbage that has manufacture defects . i did n't realize this if the product catches fire or floods your home they will not cover it . home depot should of been my first stop they sell recycled manufactured defective appliances scratch and dent turn backs beware people junk ! ! ! ! ! ! do your research do n't buy here	1636
0	customer service , not service at all . agent saw me coming and dropped her head no eye contact . ok so you do n't want to be bothered . there were only two of you available , so if you are too busy please hire more help this is your job '' customer service ''	948
0	extremely bad place to do business with no warranty on anything really bad attitudes cheap parts do n't even try to return anything there they will not take it back . never going back	2027
1	i love their pharmacy . my doctor erroneously filled a prescription for a cvs pharmacy in north carolina instead of this pharmacy . however , since we were in rock hill , this cvs pharmacy transferred the prescription order from north carolina to the rock hill cvs pharmacy . saved me a two hour commute to pick up the medication . i appreciated the excellent customer service in correcting the doctor 's mistake .	933
1	so many options ! i love building my own stir fry , buffet is kept very clean and all the sauce options are amazing .	209
1	let me start by saying i 'm from california and it 's hard to find good people who know what there doing , and this place here does amazing work.. i always get my nails done here , been going for almost 4 years now and everytime i get the best treatment anyone can ask for.. i always get my nails done by the owner , she does amazing work and i always leave super happy.. what 's even a bigger plus is my nails stay for longer then a month and i ca n't be any happier , i 'd rather see someone once a month then every 2 weeks.. thank you for your amazing service see you soon ! ! !	3831
0	rushed in rushed out . had to have my nails fixed twice because once the lady swiped them with a towel and once i messed up . the lady made the comment that i was making sure i got my monies worth . sat under the dryer for both my hands and my feet for 20 mins and still managed to walkout with messed up nails wtf . after the comment i sure did n't feel right asking them to be fixed ! well that was not worth the money . oh and my hands are dryer than when i went in .	3682
1	for the `` inn '' only : stayed here in the honeymoon suite for two nights leading up to my wedding . excellent and accommodating staff , nice old timey decor , and plenty comfy . there was lots of room for the ladies to get ready here on the wedding day . overall , excellent value with attentive staff for a boutique style b & b .	2818
1	i did so much driving that my tire pressure light switched on . i stopped here and jim helped me . he was very helpful . we went outside and he put air in my tires while it was raining . by the end of it he was soaked . after putting the air in my tires he told me i was good to go . i tried to pay him but he said it was fine . i really appreciated the honesty , he could have said something was wrong and i would have paid not knowing . i highly recommend this place because they are honest and care about their clients .	946
1	i like chipotle . this one just opened . the service was good . it tasted like it should . i tried some of my wife 's guacamole . they have outside seating , which was nice . the inside seating was cramped .	656
0	cinnamon roll could n't even be cut with large knife 20 minuted after buying . the apple fritter not much better . notified and they offered to make it right and have n't answered any message nor have contacted me . things happen but this was a major customer service fail . it 's been 3 days and no answer to my message . i will say bosa donuts are awesome .	2053
1	really a delightful little corner on the top floor of a lady-centric craft boutique . it 's just a little space but stuffed to the gills with vinyl treasures . the stacks are well curated and the prices are fair . found some choice stuff digging the crates including prince , echo and the bunnymen , parliament , queensryche , psychedelic furs and a 1956 hank williams pressing that was only $ 2.50 . surely something here for every taste .	2294
1	very nice people . seem very professional , and i heard other great reviews from women i met in the lobby . i 've only had botox here , and i 've been happy with it . may try other treatments	1961
0	i got a groupon & when trying to book an appointment , they told me to call back another week because their system was down . then when i did , they said they no longer offer the service of the groupon and they are having technical difficulties - for a mani/pedi ? ! ? the lady told me casually , maybe you can get a refund . um have you ever tried to get a groupon refund ! so difficult and tedious if you can even get one . *annoyed ... *	2995
1	i go here enough that the staff already know what i 'm getting . not sure if that 's a good or bad thing lol	1761
1	heavy on the atmosphere , heavy on the red sauce , light on the wallet . no , the food here is n't great . but it 's good , and i always make time to come here every time i come to vegas . it 's worth it just to see the piano bar . recommendations : chicken parm ( not veal for some reason , ) meatballs , gnocchi . also , they have a private dining room in which i 've had several successful events and make for a nice break from the typical trade show stuff -- and definitely gets people to remember you .	4
1	here 's the breakdown : +cheap on the strip +friendly staff +not stingy about portions +fast line	214
0	just walked in . i used to love boba tea house but i 'm not sure i 'm returning . this time the whole place was filthy . the counter was gross and you could visibly see footprints everywhere ! when i walked in the teenagers were sitting , when they should have been cleaning . grab a broom and a mop , and get to work .	490
1	best chicken caesar ever . i can have a piece of chicken with every bite and the salad will run out before the chicken . only down side is with tax the salad is over $ 20	1116
0	this starbucks has the worst set up for a drive-thru and is by far the slowest one i have ever sat in . it does n't matter what time of day , it takes forever to get through . i 'd get out and park , except that 's a nightmare too .	2778
0	tom , the store manager , was rude and condescending to me on 2 separate occasions . his customer service skills are severely lacking and the attitude he conveys to his customers is inexcusable . do yourself a favor and drive across the street for your pool supplies . good customer service and much cheaper prices !	3311
0	i really wanted to like this place . the patio was nice and cozy , i love the hanging plant baskets . the waiter was nice and helpful in making menu suggestions . what i did n't like is waiting 25 mins for my entree and it being cold when we got it . by the time i got the food i was so tired and not hungry anymore i took a few bites and then asked to pack the rest , including my dessert to go . i got home and threw it all away the next day .	918
0	this place is not amazing . she completely ruined my eyebrows , she made them way too thin and took off the whole front part and left hardly any shape to my eyebrows . i will never be back here again .	3907
0	horrible service my boyfriend and i wanted some questions answered about a phone and no one walked up to us for about 15 minutes . finally some one did come up to talk to us and he was completely rude when we had barely asked one question and after he just walked away without answering the rest of our questions . while some other staff were on there phones , laughing and not assisting anyone .	3192
0	worst car rental place i 've ever been to , tried calling the office 10 times and then the next few days and never answered , when i got there phones ringing the entire time , long lines and no other cars to choose from , advertise as giving a toyota or nissan then end up with a cheap hyundai with a broken fender which they said they would have to charge us for , until we argued about it then said that it had already been reported ... choose something closer to the airport even if they charge more	269
0	i drove all the way here expecting for some basic hookah and service but it was actually worse . the worst lounge in my opinion . owner was very rude to my group and we felt as if the servers just wanted to make their pay day and nothing else .	2073
0	good lord . girl barely speaks english . cashier looks like she 's been up for a week . all i asked was which sandwich was most popular and she could not understand . did n't have my order when i went to pay . wow	1214
1	great store ! great staff ! great product ! youll pay a little more tho ... .	3911
0	the people at wrap & grab have managed to turn an uncomplicated meal into a sopping mess . i ordered the falafel platter to go . the falafel balls were hard as a rock and were n't cooked fresh in front of me . though i try not to waste food i ended up throwing away most of the rice as it was stale and hard . my biggest restaurant annoyance is stale rice . it 's the easiest thing to cook in the world of cuisine , and there is no reason to have stale rice during the busiest hour of a weekday . as an added 'bonus ' , the staff shortchanged me .	775
1	great service , tons of seating . it 's a nice place to hang out with a group of friends . there are pool tables at the back of the bar . the menu is typical pub food . the fries are good and the drinks are cheap . i wish they put the volume up for sports games . i 'll have to come back and check out their live music though to see if it 's good . i would definitely go back .	2732
1	happy hour prices are unbeatable , $ 11 for half oysters & half clams , sign me up ! seafood is fresh and delicious . i saw a guy next to me order the shrimp cocktail , dang the shrimps are huge ! i will surely get that on my next trip . service is always good , the waiter had a big smile on his face the whole entire time , very inviting atmosphere .	1255
1	this is my third or fourth time doing business with brother 's tailors on tatum . our family has purchased three suits here and love all of them . they have a great selection and amazing service . on thursday , i brought a tux in that needed some alterations for a saturday event ( today ) . every other shop i called either could n't do it or was way more expensive for the work , which brother 's did perfectly , and at a better price . go see peter for a new suit !	442
0	do n't go there to wash your car ! they are not gentle with your car they do n't care , i 've got few scratches on my car since i used to go weekly ( and it was brand new car so no previous scratches on it ) ! also , each time i went there while i got home i had to clean after them , they do n't know how to clean ! ! never going back !	2198
0	have stayed in aloft before in denver , great ! upon my pre requested early check in , i was told no rooms were available because the hotel was full the night before . mmm , well not sure why early check in was an option . everyone 's time is valuable .	3522
1	came here because i was interested in buying a suit for a new job . everyone was so friendly . a guy named dee approached me and was very helpful . i did n't buy a suit but i 'll definitely be coming back in the near future for the excellent service .	1972
1	i visit this dunkin ' donuts every morning . they always get my drink correct and are very consistent with the way it tastes . the customer service is good , they know me by name and i have never had any problems at this location . my favorite employee is kable . she rocks .	1532
1	excellent food , price is amazing . always great ! we ordered the family size ginger beef , shanghai noodles in black bean sauce , spring rolls and salt and pepper squid . all delicious and price was under $ 40	1437
1	kathy and i have been to this spa numerous times since 2010 . they are now on the third owner and the place is looking better than ever . we had a massage and sea salt body scrub which was great today . devon is an excellent therapist . try this place if you are looking for a luxury spa at a reasonable price .	2917
0	i had switched to this nail salon due to being closer to my home . i got gel polish and unfortunately it peeled off in a week ( i have never had this happen previously ) , then i went to get them redone and mentioned the issues . she told me the polish was bad . offered no discount or refund . then , charged me an extra $ 5 for the color i picked out ( even though gel polish are priced at $ 20 ! ) . i wo n't be returning .	1783
0	i expect much better pasty at brazil bakery as after all it is a bakery . sadly both the pastel de nata and tarte de amendoa were just marginally good . almond tart just hard and tasted stale . i almost just want to trashed it after 1 bite but i think my yelp friend must be really hungry as he finished the whole thing ... and then telling me it was not good ? ! ( he must had been used to my cooking skill now ... ) pastel de nata had this thin crust that i like but the filling was just overly sweet and did n't have much substance . maybe i should just drink a coffee ... next time ...	3184
1	come on thursdays . 50 percent off the wholr menu . the shrimp diablo is amazing and there soup was insane . everything very fresh . the menu is in spanish but they were very helpful . highly recommend .	299
1	bargain shopper heaven . i went in here and had a ball , i 'm sure hubby did n't like that bill . lolol . i got 2 pairs of shoes , clothes , baby gear and some home decor . i saw so many things i want to go back and get for christmas gifts . they have something for everyone in the family and i still need to get gifts for my mom and sister so i shall return . i 've even gotten dog stuff out of here . i love a good bargain ! warning : do not go in here if you are in retail therapy .	3597
1	i came here for the first time on my birthday and had a wonderful experience . the marinara sauce was surprisingly delicious and tasted fresh . the bread was really good too . i had wanted to come here for awhile , so i was had i could finally get to try it . greta service , very attentive throughout the visit . i lie the atmosphere a lot . the restaurant is in an old house and there are tables in different rooms creating a very intimate setting . th tiramisu was one of the highlights of the evening . a very happy way to end my birthday dinner .	1224
1	we have used this business for watch batteries and decided to take them up on their free rhodium plating offer . the work was completed in an hour and they were friendly and courteous . we will definitely go back for any of our repair needs . thank you for the great quality service !	3533
0	low quality homes built by low quality trades . their sales people are disrespectful and dishonest . their design center is a ripoff . beware of their `` preferred '' third party builders . they are just as dishonest as fulton homes and will try to rip you off . their warranty department is a joke . it is really a mitigation department that tries to fight you over every repair . then the repairs are just as low quality as the build . buyers beware !	3043
0	we made reservations on june 21 at 1:25 and the person that took the call said that our reservation was made and when we arrive to the hotel the lady told my partner and i that we never made reservations . we stay at this hotel at least ones a week and this never happen before this is the first time that this happen and they have us waiting for 45 min to an our . i hope you guys can get a person that makes the reservation a responsable person	1335
0	this is the worst store . the employees are all super rude and to busy standing around to actually help you . when asking a question they all have a different answer . i 'm all for current good music but this store has it playing so loud you can barley think . i 'm not at a club just trying to buy some glasses . then on top of everything we bought a pair of swim trunks got them home and they did not even take off the security tag . really lady you had one job ! ! !	2480
0	we booked our hotel on priceline , which has yet to let us down . my boyfriend loved the hotel and thought it was great but i would have liked a little more . the staff was friendly and helpful , the hotel was clean and not too noisy or crowded . my main beef with this place is truly and first-world issue . my room smelled like someone had smoked before us and it was poorly covered up . it smelled like way too much febreeze . besides that , my sheets and blanket were scratchy and uncomfortable . those are my only complaints . other than that , it was a fairly decent hotel .	2540
1	this place is great , always a fresh sandwich.. must try number 13 , you will love it ! the employees always greet you and make sure you get what you want ! it sucks that they do n't toast but it is still good with the toppings , i get it `` mikes way ''	1528
1	our airbnb host suggested this charming bistro for breakfast . we went for lunch . we can only hope the owner gets tired of the heat and relocates to new jersey . creative menu of omelets , quiche , crepes and sandwiches , great selection of hot and cold drinks , and terrific pastries . warm friendly service , a real neighborhood gem . go .	93
0	the food tastes ok . the costumer service is terrible as well as the delivery . we are 5 minutes away from them and took over an hour for us to get the food . we did n't even get a courtesy call to inform us they were running late and when we called 3 times we were just told they would be there in 5 mins . we have ordered at least three times in the past and every time they will get lost . last time we order from there .	1581
1	i 've loved everything i 've tried here . they have interesting twists on classic sandwiches and salads . everything is fresh and delicious ! a little pricey especially considering the portion sizes of some of the items , but the quality of the food makes up for it . very cool atmosphere as well . i also wish the portion sizes of the sides were a little bigger because they 're so delicious ! still 5 stars for the taste and atmosphere .	1238
1	the gym is pretty chill and they have a good atmosphere . not to mention the 2 week guest pass which is very generous . btw the personal trainer director joe is the coolest dude . peace	1981
1	enjoy working with rachael smith and the weight loss team . been doing the program for 6 weeks and lost 12 pounds . slow and steady to keep it off and modify eating behavior staff is always friendly and helpful i recommend their weight loss program and the clinic in general for overall health	297
0	little caesars motto is `` hot and ready '' . this location is never hot and ready , always a 7 minute wait to cook a pizza . thank god for papa murphy 's coming into town . chris	519
0	i only came in here to work out but this place is filthy . it is not dirty as if in someone had not cleaned it for the day but actually not really clean . i did not get a massage after working out in the same location . the tropicana overall has real potential if they get their game on , but otherwise i i would recommend other options .	2317
1	best burger ! ! hands down the best burger i 've ever had . been coming here every friday for over 2 years now . try the ak47 my girlfriend loves the masala burger .	940
1	i have nothing much to say.. this is a good place . the only drawback is that there are nothing to do around here , unless yoir staying before flying out from clt airport . food is anothet issue , only few restaurant within walkin distance . but there is always room service . overall ... this is a nice place .	1348
0	i took a pair of courderoy jeans in for a simple 1/2 ' tear repair . the woman ran the sewing machine over the material about 50 times leavong a 2-3 inch mess of scarring over the material . -- -- when i asked her what she had done- she started screaming..at me ! ! -- -- i asked her to stop screaming and being rude- and she just got worse -- avoid the place ! ! !	2982
0	we decided to give this place a shot -- eating in the dark seemed really different . they have a cool concept where blind individuals are your servers.. make sure to tell your dates ! it was awkward a few times when people did n't know why servers wore sunglasses . when you first walk in , you are greeted by a not so friendly staff who make you wait in a dungeon-like atmosphere until your server is ready . server was very nice . food was ok at best . they loaded my plate up with mashed potatoes and there was barely any meat . unfortunately , i 'm not sure i would do this again .	449
1	my experience with royal appliance was awesome they were friendly and polite , they had a big selexiting of major appliances to choose from and and prices was great , check them out ... they 're great ! !	1236
0	worst experience and worst customer service . not only were the bridesmaid dresses fitted and sized wrong , but the brides dress had a blood stain and the beadwork was falling off . horrible experiences everytime for fittings . do not go here . the women are all rude and know nothing about customer service .	2938
0	we orders food for six people and after being 20 minutes late on having the order ready , they forgot three items . really poor services , do n't waste you time with this food chain .	1547
0	still waiting ... . they responded and so i responded ... . still no dice apparently off to sale used cheap furniture with no warranty .	1640
0	they should be shut down , filthy , they do not clean equipment & rude to customers ... i will not go back ! !	3332
1	courteous & speedy service ! went in for an oil change and the entire process was a breeze . charles & his team took great care of my car and had it all ready to go ( along with a courtesy call ) sooner than expected . will definitely be coming back here .	3379
0	they have hooked offer to get 2 donuts for a dollar . many a times , they do n't even have more than 3-4 donuts . what 's up with that ?	3636
0	they have again managed to cancel my installation order for the media stand i ordered in may . it was received in july and is still sitting in a box . i recommend avoiding purchasing anything from west elm as their customer service and business practices leave much to be desired .	1841
1	you want a slice bigger than your face ? if you answered `` yes . '' then this is the place for you . this is by my daughters ' school , so sometimes we 'll grab a bite there on our way home . the slice is enough for them to split and share . save yourself some money and order the lunch special .	417
0	working near by this is a frequented place when it 's too cold to walk anywhere else . this is a dirt cheap pizza joint.. and you definitely get what you pay for . if you 're looking for a great meal.. steer away . however if you 're on a budget their poutine is defiantly edible .	810
1	i love this place ! always very welcoming and comforting as well . i am always seen very quickly by the doctors and they have been extremely helpful ! thank you !	3598
0	the pickle barrel at yorkdale is the worst . the fish and chips and burger were cold , and the spanish paella was luke warm . sent back the fish and chips and burger . my new burger was still cold and the cheese not even melted , no flavor at all . the restaurant was like a sauna making it a very uncomfortable experience . the waiter was not attentive . when seated the utensils and napkins were placed in the middle of table , so we had to set the table ourselves . stay away from this restaurant .	534
0	terrible service . walked in to buy a 1911 and there was only one other customer with two employees . one guy was helping the customer while the other guy was just standing around . sat there for about 10 minutes waiting for someone to help me and no employee said a word , finally i walked out and dropped $ 1k somewhere else . i guess i did n't look `` gun nut '' enough for them . will never go back .	1561
0	we were just at your location on independence blvd . and complained to the manager about cleanliness . the last several times we ate there we had to request the waitress to clean the table and the floor is always sticky . tonight was the last straw because when the bill came the folio was greasy inside . there was no way for the waitress not to notice but she gave it to me anyway . then , when we complained to the manager he did not seem to care . we left and will never return .	209
0	meh . looked up pizza by the slice on yelp . this place came up . it 's not really pizza by the slice . you have to buy a $ 6 slice/drink combo . staff 's attitude is indifferent at best . slice came with a fortune cookie which is weird .	417
1	great for kids . good variety of games and activities . it was understaffed on the weekend we were there ... would add another star if they up the staffing by a few people .	3791
1	i left my pious prius in california and not missing the car-traffic angst that typically accompanies the expense of city car ownership . zipcar is my new love , as it is as close and easy as having a car without the bother or expense . the zipcar website has a very slick user interface that shows all locations of all cars within whatever parameters you choose . what 's not to like ?	2232
1	i ordered from this place with ubereats and it was such amazing delicious food ! i will definitely be dining in at this restaurant in the future ... also get the buffalo chicken mac & cheese ... . it 's to die for !	717
1	renovations are still underway , but outdoor drapes and curtains give the place a tropical , calssy , jamiaca-meets-south beach feel . the inside of the lounge now features a wooden dance floor , which helps the growing swing scene on fridays .	1672
1	this place is great . owner and staff are very nice . i have been coming here for years . good deals .	336
1	katie fearno is the world 's best pa. not only is she incredibly smart she is so kind , patient and understanding . her assistant chance is also great . i 'm normally very fearful of the doctor but this place is awesome !	356
0	came for lunch and waited forever for the waiter to come take our order of drinks . place was n't busy at all so that was weird . it took super long to get the drinks too . the margaritas were supposed to be blended , but came on the rocks and in plastic cups . one of the worse tasting margaritas i 've ever had .	704
1	i live in carlsbad have been using truly nolan for 2 years now . they have been awesome . from the moment you call , their customer service exceeds expectation . friendly , timely , and their rates are very fair . i have monthly pest control and annual termite inspection . i particularly like their service providers who very professional , respectful and helpful .	302
0	this is an extremely slow rental car firm . the staff is not organized and not very friendly	3129
1	if you ever wanted to eat in a palace , well then get back in line , because they only do takeout . ron 's is good pizza . nothing spectacular . i never expect spectacular out of my pizza , just my primanti 's .	110
1	love , love , love this office full of wonderful people ! went in for my first visit , to discuss pellets ... .i just could n't believe how friendly and genuine the entire staff was ! they took the time to explain the process , all my options and celebrate my decision with me ! got my first pellets `` installed '' and can honestly say , it was quick , pain free and i can hardly wait to feel the benefits ! highly recommend ! ! !	3243
0	this d & d is operating beyond its means . dirty . needed a cleaning . cashier was abrupt , snarky . she kept repeating `` i 'm never working 2nd shift again . '' said to another staffer `` just give em decaf they do n't know the difference '' did n't give me a receipt . expo practically threw the food at me . was hastily put together . see photo . other locations are much better .	3226
1	the best bar in the downtown phoenix area . great drinks , fantastic staff , awesome atmosphere . you wo n't be disappointed if you 're looking for a cool tucked-away place to grab a drink and hang out .	3562
1	i live close to the star nursery on blue diamond . moved here from deadwood about 6 months ago . i have to say that this is the best nursery i 've been to . i 've been dealing with marco there and he had the best advice on how much sod to buy and just how to prep the soil before i laid the sod down . i gave him the measurements of where i wanted it , and he was spot on with the amount i got . thank you marco and star nursery . the best ... .	2039
0	this place is not very nice . proving as usual that hilton has no consistency to their product . no bar at the moment some issue or construction going on .	1741
0	very disappointed in the quality of the food at this location . rolls were burnt and dry . tenders were very small and were practically all breading and no chicken . being from texas i 've had my fair share of bush 's chicken and it never disappoints . so when i saw they opened one in gilbert i was so excited . unfortunately this bush 's location in gilberts is a huge disappointment . based off this experience i will never go back .	862
1	i found this place on yelp when we moved to the area and it 's our go-to car maintenance place . since we live close we usually just drop off a vehicle and wait for them to call . they 're always friendly and trustworthy . we have n't had anything outside of routine care done here .	946
0	i was really excited to try this place . menu was cool and appealing . ate on a wednesday evening service was not that great . ordered wings hot ( almost flavorless ) and honey bbq which i tasted like sweet baby rays nothing special . also ordered sasha cheeses fires were dry and cheese was n't even melted : ( not impressed . very sad . i may try it again and order a burger but wings are fries were a let down .	68
0	stopped at pan asian just for drinks . thai iced tea perfect . thai iced coffee so so . the coffee was n't sweet and creamy enough and a little bitter . preferred the tea .	1203
1	this place is great ! offers awesome prices even when i told them i found something private party cheaper they gave me a good outlook and helped me not over pay for a used gun . always helpful and knowledgeable . i 've been in a couple times for smalls parts and ammo but always dream of the guns i want and they are patient and let me hold any of the guns knowing i 'm just dreaming at the time . definitely suggest this place over the other couple of places i 've been here in vegas even though this place is on the complete other side of town from me this is always my first stop !	2247
1	i have hit the age where i now have to wear glasses . all i can say was that the sales rep worked with me to help pick out some pretty cool frames . she ensured i received the best deal possible . what more can one ask !	3945
0	maybe i went on a bad day or i 'm being overly critical , but the service was horrible . the pho was also horrible . pho is pho . the noodles , meat and vegetables are the same everywhere you go . the only way you tell if the pho is good is through the broth . the pho here was translucent and tasteless even with all the msg they put in there to mask their laziness . but yeah , sure . if you 're an elderly white couple , then they will scream hello and thank you . i guess that means good service .	947
1	visited to have breakfast while i had my car worked on . it was delicious ! i ordered my skillet without mushrooms but it was delivered to me with . before i could even say anything , my waiter came back to correct it . great service !	1504
1	this is definitely a 'dive ' casino ... the machines are also very tight so i wo n't recommend coming here to win money but the food and drinks are good and they host a cheap home game type poker tournament friday and saturday were we have had a lot of fun ... nice vibe overall in here ... staff are friendly and helpful ...	2928
1	their customer service at las vegas check in counter is beyond excellent . my husband and i tried to check in for returning to ny , not realizing our flight was a day ahead ! ! a lady name levone kept the situation so cool and accommodate to rebook the flight for that day . on top of it , she somehow managed to cut our cost to zero . i have been traveling for many years yet , i have never experienced such curtesy and professional serives from any of the airlines . levone made us feel so safe and made her ways to clean up our mess . virgin america , and levone , a beautiful person , we really appreciate your help ! !	1623
0	wow has this place gone down hill . we 've been going here for years and used to recommend it to everyone . the last two times have been awful . given , the red curry is still tasty but tonight 's food came out at different times and each dish was literally slammed on our table , spilling each meal . the service has been so rude lately that i felt like i was bothering the waitress by just being there . oh , and forks and water would have been nice to receive on the first ask . i really hope they start changing their approach to customers or they will feel the same closure as their neighbors .	1450
0	google maps says that the restaurant closes at 10:00 pm and their restaurant time board says 9:30 pm . travelled 7 miles and reached by 9:00 pm they said only 3 kinds of biryani are available . since i am a vegetarian i was not left with much options but i was seeing food coming out and person in front of have also ordered all different kind of food . very disappointed with the kitchen staff . i really appreciate the lady at the front who was taking the order she has requested the chef but looks like he was tired and not in a mood to make any food , highly disappointed .	1540
0	horrific customer service & owning up to poor quality workmanship . manager ( very rude & snooty ) redirected & basically blamed bff that she must have stored it ( never used new ) incorrectly for the handle to leak glue & damage the purse . she wouldnt issue a credit & said it could n't be fixed w/o $ or guarantee . never buy lv ! buy gucci across the mall from them . too bad cause sales staff was great though .	1493
1	every time i come to this sonic i am impressed . the food is made to order and the service is excellent . i will specifically go out of my way to patronize this sonic .	844
1	first tine here . one flavor was better than the next ! very exotic mexican ice cream . had corn ice cream and some type of mexican fruit flavored ice cream . in a small strip center , easy to miss . you would think it would be on the south side of charleston , but it is on the north .	2559
1	we see dr. gerlach and she has been amazing every time ! she is always so sweet and caring with our son and always takes the time to answer any of our questions . we have also met a few other doctors and they all seem amazing . we are super happy we chose this office for our son .	3134
0	the doctor and his staff are really nice , but the establishment is either very new or had a very poor budget . not like a `` normal '' doctor office at all , massage bed as medical bed , fold up table used for all medical equipment , no sink , fold up chairs , etc . not very professional looking at all , but dr.scott is super nice .	235
0	ordered a mango mousse cake here recently for my brother 's birthday . the cake itself was very dry ! the mousse was okay , but the mango did n't seem that fresh as parts of it were a bit dark/turning brown . hoping this is a one time thing , but i 'm not sure if i 'll order cakes from here again .	2971
1	typical club with bottle service and things like that . security is pretty tight and on point within . had witnessed two lassies about to throw down , but security arrived to quell it quickly . nice mix of people in the crowd , was able to get a couple of dances with two different groups there ... would return on next trip . cover was i thing 10-15 , forgot how much the drinks were but i do not believe it will break your pockets	1282
1	thank goodness for the cutting garden ! i live in california , and needed flowers delivered for my husband 's relative in north olmsted . after having an awful experience with 1800 flowers , i decided to go with someone local . the cutting garden 's website was easy to use , and their friendly staff followed up with me to confirm . additionally , i provided the incorrect address for delivery ( the relative had moved and i was n't aware ) , and the cutting garden kindly re-delivered the flowers to the correct address , refusing my offer to compensate them for their time and trouble . what stellar service ! i will surely use their services again !	497
0	completely rude employees and owner . very inconsistent food/ingredients and they will screw up your order frequently . they screw up , they will not refund your money . never seen this before ever ! sometimes closer to the house is n't always better !	1521
1	i have been going to get my mani's/pedi 's here for years . they are always professional and do a good job . it is a very clean place as well ! tina , the owner is very sweet . i highly recommend visiting them for your next service .	3905
1	i initially discovered this place through postmates , and i 'm so happy i did . i 've tried a variety of things off the menu , and i have yet to be disappointed by anything ( however , my fave is def the smothered chicken ) . after ordering off postmates a few times , i decided to actually dine in , with the added company of my boyfriend . the service was great , the food was amazing ( boyf loved as well ) , and armadillo grill has some pretty happy customers here who are set on returning many many times . : )	717
0	no show ! ! for an airport run at 4:30am . filled out an online request , received a text , spoke to a dispatcher and all was set . called at 4:32 when the car had n't arrived to be told `` i do n't see you on my sheet '' yeah , ok . overpriced and unreliable !	2356
1	this place is awesome ! they helped me out so much ! really nice and affordable cars . i do n't have the best of credit and they still got me a great rate ! i highly recommend this place !	3518
1	had a wonderful adoption experience at the east valley animal control center this past saturday . i want to thank the east valley team for being so dedicated to the animals in their care ; the team is passionate about what they do & this is evident in the great amount of effort they put into their work .	2689
0	extremely disappointed . i order the large bouquet for my mom . the bouquet was delivered timely , however the bouquet was piecey , missing flowers and different flowers were used in the bouquet from the on-line picture ! i called 800flowers and rep said she will send out another bouquet ... ? ? ? so my mom will have a mediocre bouquet next to a better looking bouquet ? the shock and awe factor was destroyed .	38
0	this place is nasty they didnt disclose my cost up front..if i would have known i would have said no..then poom a $ 251 bill after insurance and they tossed me to a collection agency paid their azz today	188
0	the service was terrible and no one acknowledged us when we talked in . there were three people working and one was extremely rude . on the sale rack clothes were marked wrong saying a certain dress i wanted to purchase was $ 50 but when i went to check out it was $ 150 and they would n't honor the prices .	2153
0	i had a prescription for 21 tylenol 3s after a tooth extraction and was still visibly in pain with a swollen mouth and both the tech and the pharmacist refused to help me after labeling me a `` drug seeker '' . i have only used medications like this after surgeries and i 've only had three in my life ! never again will i return to this location . beware of megan !	1207
1	i had the chocolate covered banana , it was amazing ! will definitely being going back .	3813
0	this is your standard squashed burger . if you like that sort of thing , you might like this smashburger​ . i prefer burgers that are juicy and meaty , not crunchy and dry , but its a preference . i think the smashburger​ fries are sub-par​ too . limp and flavorless​ . not good food to travel on . just does n't sit that well . but what airport food does .	669
0	quick review of my dim sum experience at this establishment : food : 1/5 - i found all the fried food to be too greasy , taro cake tasted like chalk , the cold melon soup tasted like they used un-ripe cantaloupe service : 3/5 - the servers pushing the carts were friendly but the lady who took our bill was a bit of a witch ambiance : 2/5 - washrooms are disgusting , they need to clean the aquarium at the front where they keep the lobsters price : 1/5 - overpriced based on the poor quality of the food ... not coming back here anytime soon .	0
0	had the cronut , it was terrible . soggy and lacked any character . way too much sugar on top . was probably over a day old as i had it late in the day . if the original cronut from dominique ansel is a 10 , this was a 4 at best . might give it a try again if they had something fresher . this is just a storefront so not sure how fresh the rest of the goods are .	518
1	location is awesome . you can walk off the elevator and be right on the strip . great staff and the price to stay is great . right in the middle of everything and o shea 's is such a fun place . you do have to deal with some noise as there is a nightclub right out front . rooms still being updated but good enough .	2976
0	can i give zero for quest ? two individuals tried to get a blood culture from my 3 year old son and caused a vein to collapse . the website said this location does pediatric draw . do n't go to this location . my son is traumatized and his arm is in a lot of pain . we need to wait up to a week to try again but we do n't have that time . they are horrible .	1453
0	this was my favorite sushi place . i always ordered the tuna sashimi , and some days the chef would throw in a few extra pieces . their miso soup is good . today was the last time they will receive my business . the store smelled more `` fishy '' than usual but its a sushi place , so i thought nothing of it . i open my tray and am appalled at the fish . i tried one bite , and almost threw up . -- -edit -- - the owners have reached out to me privately , and have apologized for the poor food quality . i am going to give them a second chance this week .	24
1	this show was great ! the only thing is that they only really pay attention to bachelorettes/ birthday girls which is kind of disappointing because the majority of the crowd is not one of the two . however , me and my friend still had a blast & fell in love with the sexy dances ! recommended for a girls night out ! definitely pay extra for the vip tables , that 's where they spend 95 % of their time dancing !	2149
1	great place . had extra staff available when a large group came in . the quality of sandwiches is as good as any other subway .	778
0	extremely rude ! ! ! i called to schedule an appointment but told the gal to forget it . she was so rude , very short and full of herself , if that 's how the receptionist is i can only imagine how the doctors are and if they 're not they need to reel her in or replace her because she is not giving patients a good first impression . she is costing shepherd eye center patients and $ $ because of her unprofessional behavior ! ! if i could give them a zero rating i would ! !	1635
0	this is a gay bar ? should n't there be a sign or something ? place is old , kind of a classic dive , but , like i say , this is a gay bar ? oh well , the bartender is nice , the beer is cold . i rate only 2 stars because the facility is older and kind of grimy .	3252
0	i took my car in for an interior detail and they did a horrible job , my carpet and seats are stained bad and i didnt expect much from that but alot of the vinyl was dirty and you can tell there was no effort in removing the dirt from it . i will never take my cars there again which sucks but id rather drive a little further and get a better job done	2198
0	this place is very overpriced for the quality of the food . i had the burger and it was very bland and dry . it does n't come with any condiments on it , and my server did n't even ask if i wanted any . the side salad was very disappointing also , did n't seem very fresh and had a flavourless dressing . i wo n't be going back .	273
0	fantastic , unique clothes are overshadowed by the snotty attitudes of the staff ( not carine or randall ) . shopped there for the last time yesterday . not worth it . will spend my time and money at elan or mina 's .	1621
1	my husband and i recently bought a rocker recliner from this location . they priced matched an online business that was asking almost $ 600 less then the price in store . we were shocked and thrilled they were able to do this . we just got the chair home , it was an easy set up and looks great . we are very happy and will be visiting them for any future furniture purchase .	1794
1	i work at the airport and when i do n't bring a lunch , i always go to 360 . they are in the b gate and are impossible to miss . there is a little seating and counter space to put your luggage . well lit and smells pretty good . the food is pricey but it 's aiport food . it 's lways expensive . menu is big and a little confusing but it 's not too bad . i get the 360 chicken . it 's always good . the cashiers speak fluent english and spanish . i 'd suggest this to anyone stuck in the airport on a lay over or early for their flight in or around the b gate .	623
1	we had my daughters bday party here and they did a great job ! loved having the whole gym to ourselves : - ) my daughter said it was the best birthday party she 's ever had !	1427
0	you will be queen when u come after you make a purchase and you come back because there is something wrong with your bag , they blame you for it even if you 've had it for a few days . they try to make it seem like you 've done something wrong . the way i was treated by this store was horrible they belittled me and made me feel as if i was lesser . i 'm not recommend everyone to come lv scottdale cause the stupid service ...	1493
0	love the $ 3.00 tall draft beers . but wings are the smallest wings you will ever see and inconsistent service and taste of their wings . not enough sauce on the wings ever . i 'll probably go for the beers ... . but wo n't order the food anymore .	1285
1	great place . clean and new . i usually go to the sauna in the winter . there are signs that state no shows/gym clothes . it drives me crazy that they allow this on a consistent basis . it 's gross , but otherwise , great bang for your buck as far a gyms go .	3268
0	j'avais très hâte de d'essayer ce salon puisqu'il tienne la gamme de produits bioesthetique que j'adore . quelle déception ! un accueil frette sans sourire . on me parlait toujours en anglais alors que je répondais en français et en plus , le comble , mes cheveux ne sont pas égaux . ouf !	333
0	not that this store cares but you lost a sale today . at the smoothie bar there was one person helping 3 people . i needed something from the bakery , not only did this guy not acknowledge me at all , he left to show someone where something in the store was . i went over to the food counter and asked the guy if only one person was handling the bakery & smoothie bar , he replied i do n't know but pages someone for me to get help in the bakery , it never came so i left . what a poor way to do business .	433
0	we went here for the first time on father 's day at 10:30a . we ordered an omelette and some sort of breakfast special- certainly nothing out of the ordinary . after 85 minutes , we asked the waitress to cancel our order , as we had n't yet been served . the waitress was very apologetic and comped our bill ( which was only coffee ) and asked us to return for a complimentary meal in the future . very disappointing experience indeed .	57
1	what an amazing apartment ! moving in was quick and easy thanks to the help of eric in the leasing office ! the apartment itself was entirely upgraded as well as the property ! the four pools are beautiful and the tennis court makes it feel like you 're at a resort.. very clean , very professional and overall i 'm very happy with my experience ! in comparison to other apartments in the area , this is the best value . for the same price elsewhere , i was being shown run-down apartments with shady landlords . the leasing management here was very clear and formal . i would definitely recommend .	3148
0	wanted to try this place for a while . would give zero stars if i could . stood at the bar area to order a smoothie and got ignored while all the non-ethnic customers got helped . and they were n't even busy . guess south end is n't as progressive as i thought .	1127
1	i bought a kenwood car stereo . excellent ! great guys . they were a lot of help . i just needed a replacement for a old car . they did n't try to sell me something i did n't need . installed the next morning . great guys to to deal with . they showed me how everything worked . i would highly recommend audio express . manuel velducea is really knowable i would ask for him . all the guys are good .	2427
1	first time here . food was overall good . the warm mushroom salad was really good as was the cappuccino . yeah i know who has cappuccino with dinner . service was good . it was not super busy . they have put a lot into the decor . i suspect i should share a salad with my wife next time and order a pizza . the wood oven looks great .	858
0	got a to good to be true flier in the mail . said they would let me out of the last year of my lease and i could get a new lease on a new car at a lower price . .. all lies . be very careful	2210
0	kelly 's is a pretty average bar ... better than average music on some nights . the highlights of the place for me have always been the sweet potato fries , that they carry beer from the east end brewery , and usually the company i 'm with . it 's a convenient location if you 're coming from the highland park area . other food i 've had there- german style bar food was decent .	279
1	recently sgt . splatter 's has gone through many changes . i believe it 's new management and now this place is amazing . they have installed in brand new lights , so you can see what you are shooting and ref 's are fair on splitting teams . the price is slightly more then paintball city on sundays but worth checking it out . i will defiantly be there for sundays as many people come play after 2pm . keep up the great work !	2926
1	the drive thru lady was nice ( where u pay ) but the pick up food lady was like `` thanks ma'am , come back again . all while not looking at you	1162
1	wow the selection of beers on tap is amazing . they got the classics like spotted cow and leinenkugels and ur major brewers but then they got soooo many others ! there burgers are great too obviously cuz it 's a burger joint . had the kentucky bourbon burger or something like that . was outstanding . definitely need to go back to try more beers and burgers . atmosphere was great and waitstaff was attentive . try it !	957
1	what a great little barber shop ! ! ! i 've been meaning to come down , and finally found the time . got me a great haircut , neck shave and head massage all for under $ 20 ! ! ! each cutting station has it 's own personal tv , i was able to watch some football while getting a cut . it 's truly a nice barbershop , granite counter tops and the old school barber shop chairs . this is what 's it 's all about , small local businesses ! ! good work gentleman joe 's ! ! !	1862
1	came across this place randomly but so glad i did ! i love this bar ! the interior is super classy , there 's live music , and every drink we ordered off the menu was strong but masked by a great taste ! i got drunk off only 2 drinks but enjoyed every minute of my drink . the only reason i did n't give 5 stars is because the price was a little high . $ 14 for a cocktail , but even so the drinks were good ! i definitely would come back . one of my favorite bars in vegas to come , chill , and have a good time .	1992
1	there is n't enough stars to justify this place . let me just start by saying stuuupppppid fire best breakfast i 've had in las vegas staff was friendly chef made sure everything was good the bacon was so good the soft shell crab benedict was amazing	57
1	i bring 2 dogs and 2 cats to north royalton animal hospital . yes , i might pay $ 5 more for this or $ 10 more for that , but they saved our dog 's life , when another vet ignored the signs of his body shutting down ( they said it was allergies ) . i 'm not actually sure if they actually are more expensive than othr vets , but it isnt enough to make a huge difference , espcially when a furry life is involved .	2770
0	every time i go into this store , i feel like more of an annoyance than a customer . the employees just seem to care about talking to each other more than their actual clientele .	1884
0	went in there for dessert , horrible service , food quality was okay . i think server let restaurants reputation gone to it 's head ... ... there was no greeting , not even water were served to us . we asked him question and he never answer them , just said he will go check then we found him happily serving table of 6 besides us ... the next time we saw him was when he passed us the bill , not a thank you or how was the food ... . wow ... .	437
1	i love project cupcake ! best cupcakes in vegas ! the owner is a truly a nice guy . the cupcakes are baked to perfection . there 's no competition here !	1889
0	ordered 2 shrimp tacos , tasted terrible to say the least . the tacos will cost you $ 10 yet will be the size of tacos you can get for $ 1 on a taco tuesday . the sauce tasted unnatural and like it was made in a chemistry lab .	623
0	if you do n't need help with anything this store is ok . the hundred of associates walking around are inaccessible and uninterested in customer . i ca n't tell you how many times i went in there to buy something and had to leave to get some help somewhere else . long time best buy customer no more .	494
0	less than stellar . tried out pure pizza for the first time on a friday , when they were having a pop-up market . i was there at 1:00ish , before the 2:00 pop-up . after ordering , i found it strange i had to ask how long , considering i was to go ahead and be seated - but that 's extremely minor . pizza was brought to me piping hot - but also somewhat burnt . so after letting my pizza cool , the flavors were just ehhh . there was just nothing too special that would lure me back again , considering the plethora of other options out there .	809
0	knowledgeable . plays on your intelligence - you need to have good idea what your items are worth or what you are willing to consider a fair deal . must ask direct question to get answer as he answers question with question .	2032
0	i am not going to ramble , i think the pictures speak for themselves . this is the worse grooming experience my dog has ever had . whether or not my dog 's behavior played a factor , i believe this could have been handled differently before it led to nicks and bald spots all over .	2501
0	the 2 stars are because we were happy that there were no cages . we brought our large short haired dog because of shedding and expected him to come out brushed . when we picked him up we still had handfuls of hair in our hands . not worth it and we wo n't be back .	3615
1	the regular walgreens i go to was not open yet & i went to this store which is open 24-hrs . i need refill & ms. thuy was there to help me . since i used coupons for my rx , she was very detailed and professional in making sure i get my needed rx with discount . thank you !	1207
1	the employees were very friendly and the food was great as usual . i really felt they wanted to give every customer a good experience at their location . customer service at it 's finest !	3372
1	awesome ! best jerk ever ! in fact , this is probably the best quick lunch spot i 've been to in many , many years . this place is super good . it 's mostly a take-away business but either way , you ca n't go wrong . thanks yelp , for suggesting this place ! never would have noticed it otherwise .	1355
0	i wish i was treated with more respect . i do n't know what has happened over the last year but the professionalism has gone down significantly ... i 'll be going elsewhere : /	2096
0	i never thought i 'd see the day when walgreens became classier than cvs . this place used to develop photos , now it does n't . it 's just like every other stupid , gross , overpriced and useless cvs in the valley . employees are rude or just plain stupid and it 's in a terrible area of town , so i wo n't be going here or any other cvs for that matter .	3044
1	i have not personally been a patient at sw spine and sports but my wife has . i have gone to every single one of her appointments with her and the staff and providers have always been very helpful and friendly . dr. stone and dr. komar have taken really good care of my wife , the office is clean and easy to get to from the 101 , and the back office staff have always been friendly . i would definitely recommend sw spine and sports .	3566
1	apparently i 'm the only one to like this location ? i used to come here in the mornings before work and the girls working here were always so friendly and whenever i wanted something new but could n't make a decision they would help me come up with something off the menu that would turn out delicious . i ended up moving to the other side of mesa so i no longer go here and that kind of disappointed me since i liked it here so much .	1804
0	no one has any knowledge on skin , hair , men 's cosmetics.you can get only assistance on makeup , if you get lucky !	2479
0	we just purchased a house here in arizona and walked in to purchase some big appliances . we walked around for about 10 minutes without any sales person assisting us . during that time two additional customers walked in and were attended to promptly . felt very discriminated ! do not shop here !	2454
1	- extremely solid eats . - the seafood congee is freakishly amazing ! - also discovered fish paste cooked into the long donut thing ( it doesnt translate well ) ... . winner .	1173
0	i really want to like it ... been there twice cause i want to give it a second chance ... for someone who loves desserts it just was n't there ... certain things were dry other things were lacking flavor both times ... great decour and really nice service but the food quality is just not there	2410
1	jasmine has a little something for everyone at a good price . the hibachi grille is my favorite , where i can choose my own raw ingredients to be cooked on the spot . the sushi bar is n't bad . the buffet is quite large and is better than average . service is good and very efficient .	1302
0	i eat burgers all the time , as well as garlic and mushrooms , never have any problems . got the garlic mushroom burger here 6 months ago and felt extremely sick after . for some reason , i decided to give it another go ... and felt pretty sick again . would n't recommend it .	1461
0	tire shine still not shiny . but twice this week , the last roller brush that comes overhead after the multicolor soap has not been running . how is it allowed to give less services than were paid for on unlimited subscriptions ? ? ? they should disclose what parts are broken at the start so people can choose not to but a wash. and everytime an unlimited subscriber goes thru , it should refund part of the subscription price automatically when any parts inn the wash cycle are broken . getting paid for services not rendered . bbb.org complaint coming .	2939
0	i 've not used this place.nor will i.but i just want everyone to know that they support and offer ear cropping on little puppies ! ! it 's an absolutely barbaric practice.i cant believe vets still carry out this procedure ! please think twice before bringing your animal here.its all about the money ... ..	1864
1	place is quality hands down to science extractions done right thank you muv so much	1849
1	my friend wanted coffee at 11pm so i kidnapped her and brought her here ! it was our first time here but it wo n't be our last . she ordered the hot caramel macchiato and i ordered the hot white mocha which was so so good ! perfect hint of sweetness . we both shared a honey toast which the worker recommended to us , it complimented the coffee perfectly . the seating is not your average seating but it 's cozy nonetheless . i loved the decor as well ! cute little spot for a late night coffee .	2219
1	after a month of searching crappy places , internet sales , tent events , awkward warehouses , my boyfriend and i came across this places as we were tossing up the white flag on our way to ikea . it 's clean , straight forward , and chuck our sales guy was super helpful and not pushy . while they do have discounted and clearance mattresses they are the only ones i 've found that give a 10 year warranty and a 30 day comfort trial period on all their mattresses . how rad is that ? i 'd totally recommend them to anyone . : ) thanks guys for making this so easy , wish we came here first !	2003
1	always helpful . great service . amazing doctors and staff ! greeted as soon as you walk in and helped if needed . will always recommend this location to family and friends !	1590
1	i have been going to open arms going on almost six months i have a wonderful counselor who has been so amazing . the staff is a wonderful woman named veronica who also gets to know you personally and is an absolute delight . we still have lots of work `` for me '' lol but i have much faith that she will get me where i need to be . i look forward to our journey .	2629
1	grabbed two lunch specials for the first time and was pleasantly surprised . absolutely worth the $ 6.50 each . ordered via yelp and picked up at their side area inside the bounty hunter bar . they honored my special requests ( dressing on side , add lettuce and extra peperoncini ) . gyro and fries were tasty- garlicky taziki sauce tied it together . antipasto salad was very large with plenty of meat and cheese but lots of veggies too . soda came in 12oz cans . will be back to try more lunch specials .	987
1	good furnishings at a good price . purchased family room furniture and dinette set . very happy with service .	3738
1	great ice cream and good service . a bit expensive but portions are big to share . it 's usually packed and hard to get a table but that 's good sign , right ? enjoy !	3604
0	ha ha we stayed here a few years ago . my first time staying down town . the price was pretty good , but i would rather pay more and have more . i 'm not high maintenance but i do like my room service coffee in the morning at least , and they had no refrigerator in the room . the people here are run down old broke men , and last time we walked in to play a couple games it smelled sooo bad of old man farts we stopped dead in our tracks , turned around and left ! no more for me .	3630
0	food was good ... our waitress kelly . seemed a bit pissy.. and the bathrooms were just plain scary ! !	340
0	i ordered a talk loved green tea latte.. the cup was full of ice and all u got was 3 sips out if it ! ! ! and all the barrister said was sorry ! i officially hate/boycott starbucks ! ! ! ! !	2849
0	this place being `` new '' the only money spent to make is any better seems to have been all put in the sign on front . unless your bowling maybe after reading the other review they might give a shit about you . i was waiting playing pool on the rest of my party and the music is so old and tasteless that i going to leave . the food might have gotten better but the lack of service makes me not want to spend another dime here . this place is worse then before in my opinion . please make some improvements . p.s . the lighting sucks for playing pool and it 's over priced as shit !	3296
1	the banana base shakes are good , i had the chocolate shake and i really enjoyed it . it had a friendly staff which added to the place .	1134
1	i love this best buy in henderson . the staff is very friendly and the managers are very helpful . the location is located very convienently next to costco , galleria mall and about a mile away from target and toys r us . their price matching plan is pretty robust and they do match newegg and amazon . since , amazon started charging taxes , this has been my go to place for electronics .	494
0	this is my first time here and i must say i 'm a bit disappointed with this place . i came in for korean grill but very limited options for beef . i ordered short ribs but got strips and the waitress dumped the entire serving on the gas stove ( as shown in pic ) all the while we 've had servers come over to our table and turn off the stove without saying a word , leaving us wondering how should we continue cooking the food ! i would n't recommend based on their service .	1290
1	located in both the eastbound and westbound travel plazas along the ohio turnpike , they offer cajun style chicken , along with other southern cooking in a fast food setting . prices typical of highway travel .	1479
1	great customer service and unique flavors . i do n't know why so many others disagree but this is my 3rd time ordering a cake/cupcakes from this place so that says enough . a couple of my favorite flavors are the cookie monster , pink champagne , and recently a brownie chip with orange that was recommended . i recently ordered my graduation cake and 4 dozen cupcakes from here and was not disappointed at all . thank you ! ! ! ! ! : )	1806
1	you have n't really been to vegas until you 've see one of those shows where the girls are topless and wearing giant feathery headdresses . it 's classic vegas at its best . it 's not like any of the cirque shows . it 's good old fashion singing , dancing , and fully choreographed numbers . splashy costumes , chorus lines , it 's all there . it 's a fun show . they offer a 'kid-friendly ' version earlier in the evenings . i do n't remember , but i think there is a two drink minimum . it 's classic vegas in all its feather and rhinestones glory .	3069
1	we needed some grounding , warm , nourishing food after a long drive and this place hit the spot ! it was pretty quiet ( which we loved ) and our food came out promptly . the smells are enticing ! we were checked on by our waiters consistently and our waters were never less than half full . my husband got a lamb dish and the lamb was tender and flavorful . i got a vegetarian dish with peas ( forgot the name ) that hit the spot . lots of flavor and spices but not so spicy that you ca n't even taste your food . a wonderful find , we will definitely return !	640
0	we just moved in these apartments and we were excited butt we were told the pool would be done at the end of july and now it 's the middle of august and it 's been a week since we have seen anybody working on the pool . a apartment has already been broken into and parking sucks . are parking spot is far away and they wo n't do anything about it . the only ups is the apartment is nice but management sucks and no pool and parking sucks ! ! !	2684
1	of all the breakfast chains , vi is always my favorite . prompt service , pleasant waiters/waitresses , delicious food , plus pie . ca n't beat pie . i always get breakfast , the chicken fried steak skillet is my favorite , but the new chicken-bacon-avacado hash is superb as well ! i 've been to many different locations , and always have a great experience . if you can , ask for beth . she 's super sweet !	1029
1	was in the area for a birthday party today and wanted mexican . it was good & just exactly what we wanted .	189
0	came here for brunch yesterday . was seated right away and the server we had was friendly . we ordered off of the breakfast menu . it was okay . the eggs lacked some flavour ( needed salt ) . my boyfriend also had some hair at the bottom of his eggs ( so gross ) but we were done eating by the time he found it we did n't bother saying anything .	534
0	they gave me a cup to pour my own coffee out of those decanters where you pump the coffee using a lever on the top , like a cheesy hotel cafeteria . not very fresh , and a coffee was $ 2.50 . the `` bold ethiopian night '' coffee was not bold at all . watery . it 's too bad , i really wanted to like this place .	1140
0	if you had a bad experience with slash salon , visit arizona state board of cosmetology website to report your complaints . this business is already under investigation . their unethical and deceitful way of business practice should be ceased in our community .	3474
0	toilet ran snd gurgled constantly even though a repairman worked on it for an hour and never cam back . carpet was so dirty after 1hr my granddaughters feet were black . blood on master shower curtain was the disgusting top of our experience . we stopped and told front desk . no one cam up and replaced it . pool was cloudy . reported this to front desk and they said oh were sorry . with no sincerity this is why we did not take tour ... even with the $ 125.00 cash offer	1057
0	very rushed and unprofessional polish job . they try and make as much money as possible , they start the process then leave you waiting to help a new customer then rush back to quickly finish . had n't been to this place in years , now i remember why . needless to say i will never be back .	3213
0	ok , this is best option near me since quick pharmacy closed . they make a ton of $ on scripts with my family of 4 . called ahead and spoke with pharmacy rep on site ... asked timing for.a prescription that had been called in by my doc . pharmacy said 15 min ... now still here and its 15 min plus 45 more . pita .	1641
0	this place is a scam . my bill supposed to 420 $ put the they end up took 860 $ out mine credit card argue with them for weeks they only refund 130 $ .if you rent here becareful .	3595
1	enjoly is absolutely great ! she really listens and gives me exactly what i want in a haircut - even if i do n't know what that is myself !	1617
0	standard walgreens minus the slowest drive-thru pharmacy ever and the amount of beggars you 'll encounter .	1881
0	warning : go wild is sliding down hill quickly . i wo n't be back , especially with lucky fish now happening two miles away . quality is now below acceptable , roll size has shrunk , service is as bad as other reviewers mention . i had to sleuth out what was `` off '' in my roll . the culprit ? rotten carrot . well , at least it was n't rotten fish , but you know , if they ca n't do produce right , its not worth the gamble with the raw fish . sionara , go wild .	431
0	what a change ! from a first class restaurant to a mediocre one at best . the food may be ok but the smell of the bathroom may overwhelm your experience .	784
1	annie is the best tailor i 've found yet here . she not only did wonders with my bridal gown , she took the time to get to know me and even bought me a coffee to talk over ! i will never try any one else . she 's efficient , she 's resourceful and the best absolute priced ! i would recommend her time and again . kelly murtha	3401
0	sounds like things have n't changed . bad service bad attitude . just close for f 's sake .	718
1	this place is amazing ! they have great customer service however they do tell you that it will be next day - the reason why is there workers are at night or morning completed the dry cleaning due to weather in az . i can respect that .	1911
0	the order process went well and the delivery arrived in a timely manner . i saw a picture of the flowers my friend received and the arrangement was n't even close to what was pictured on the website ... a lot more filler flowers despite ordering the premium arrangement . i picked this place specifically because of what they offered despite other cheaper places in the area . i am disappointed because i wanted the best arrangement possible for my friend who is going through a tough time . i will not order from this place again .	3689
0	great job guys . i pay $ 160 for a buff and wax , as well as signed up for $ 30/mo car wash package . what i got was an unfinished wax job that was n't even finished . missed places all over the car . buffing compound and wax left on places all over the car . they said it would be done at noon . i show up at noon and they said they would have it done in 20 minutes . 2 hours later it was finally `` finished '' in this terrible condition . forget this place . what a bunch of jokers .	127
1	i 've been shopping here for years . the clothing is excellent . the quality is awesome . i 've had numerous outfits over the past years that are still in great condition . the staff is ok . but like i 've said the clothing is phenomenal . that what keeps me coming back . i swear by this store . i recommend it to all my gf 's in and out of the adult industry .	145
1	came here with a good friend of mine and made an appointment for a pedicure but they take walk-ins too . when we got there , picked our color and they sat us right away . seems very clean and they have the plastic liners for the pedicure basin . we got the spa package which includes sugar scrub , warm lotion , and hot stone massage , came to $ 30 and $ 20 for a basic pedicure . my guy was super nice and really cared about their service . brought us bottles of water when we sat down . and he giggled at me when i got ticklish ! cleanliness is very important in my opinion and this place looked great !	2886
0	honestly i get the creeps everytime i drive by this place now . about a year ago i stopped in to get a cookie dough ice cream cone , paid , looked down at it and matted in the ice cream was the largest wad of hair ever , i literally gagged . i handed it back to the girl and nicely asked for a refund , she rolled her eyes and gave it to me after seeing the hair and never even apologized . this place is disgusting ! !	2075
1	just wanted to highly recommend john at this location for those who get deep tissue massages . he was very thorough and my 90 minute massage was one of the best ive ever had . very professional and experienced !	3862
1	i love this place so much , and with the delivery to my work , i often eat here . the food is always good , the staff is lovely . the only complaint i have , is that with how often i order from jimmy johns , there 's no rewards or loyalty program for valued clients . i probably order from here once or twice a week , as it 's usually the only place i eat out at . i would love it so much better if there was some kind of consolation for buying so many sandwiches .	1475
0	been here twice now , and i ca n't seem to like it . i really wan na like this place - the masked mexican fighters , so cool , the idea of mixing mexican and asian , you 'd think it 's a hit . obviously i 'm in the minority here , but i just found the burrito overstuffed with rice and the noodles inside are still cold . it 's not like i just gave it 1 shot ... i returned a 2nd time . maybe i 'm just spoiled by burrito boyz .	834
0	bar has good choices , good service , crowd were high brow low iq sjw types unfamiliar to the art of open conversation amongst bar-goers , go if you like beer , avoid if you like shooting the shit with strangers and feeling welcome in a place meant for drunkenness and loose spitballing .	3077
0	the wi-fi is terrible at this location . even when there is no one in it . so close to a college as big as asu you would think they would upgrade it and add some plugs . been coming here fur years and it 's never gotten fixed.. please pass it on and get it fixed . thanks.. also bathrooms are always dirty	2218
0	the people at these locations and the online customer support are useless , and rude . i would not want to do business with any of these locations again . live and learn , and i wo n't be making the same mistake twice .	2208
1	we own a boxer . we had a bad experience at petsmart , so we tried grand grooming about a year ago . we keep going back because they do a great job on our dog 's nails , they are reasonably priced , and the staff is very friendly . they treat our dog with respect .	1247
1	great dinner . fast service . spanikopita was really good . would be a 5 if the server had a personality .	177
0	i wo n't waste time repeating everything everyone else has already said . it 's all true . if i did n't live in a place where there is only one other choice of airline for most destinations , i 'd never fly allegiant again . btw- if you choose a rental car with your tickets , be aware , there are a lot of hidden/excess costs in that . in vegas , we were charged 30 % more than the original price for taxes , fees , etc .	3127
1	i am the founder of a non profit holly ' z hope . i was looking to work with a spay and neuter clinic . i found spay neuter charlotte clinic online . i was nervous at first having not used them in the past . i was pleasantly surprised . the facility is very clean and the staff was great ! the clinic allows my organization to provide low cost spay and neuter service to dogs in my community , which helps prevent unwanted pups . thank you ! !	2864
1	i shop at best buy mainly to get new things for my camera . although the prices might be up there , i 've always had a decent experience with the sales people . i 'm not computer savvy , so when i ask questions about installation for photo programs , or about new accessories i get they are always helpful .	607
0	been there a lot of times over the years without issue but after having the recommended cajun chicken , i woke up this morning with food poisoning . i 'm going to be staying away for awhile , but do not order chicken from there !	670
1	it 's nice to see a filipino restaurant on the southwest side of town . staff was friendly , and service was quick , but my friend and i happen to go on a thursday evening where it was slow .	658
1	great , professional service ! easy to setup , they came out , communicated and fixed the chip in a bus windshield.. no up sell , no bs.. refreshing for vegas !	2036
1	awesome nail service for an excellent price , they allow walk ins and have such a welcoming staff !	3084
1	habib always knows how to make me look great , my family and i have been relying on him to tailor our clothes and our weekly dry cleaning . he never disappoints , he has another location at bathurst and dupont	3391
1	this little record store has a good selection of both new and used records . while some of the prices may seem a tad high , they are selling them at a reasonable rate , considering . remember , this is a small store , not a major retailer . they are not out to do anything other than make a little money selling records . please support them . i found some great records in great condition for $ 4 , $ 6 , and $ 10 . not to bad eh ?	2570
0	what ever happened to customer service ? two huge issues attitude of cashier , who acted as if i were an interruption to her day ... . she was standing staring out of the window ... the other was no soap in the restroom , , when it was brought to the attention of the cashier , she asked her co-worker who was cooking.. her response `` we do n't supply soap '' . wtf ! ? ? not the type of thing you want to overhear in a food establishment ' ... not so cool bean '' s n cream . : (	2516
0	disgusting ! ! the tuna sashimi has a film on it and definitely not fresh . the spicy tuna rolls were filled with cucumber little tuna the edamame was cold and no salt . the sweet potato tempura was greasy this is not a restaurant operated by japanese people they would be ashamed of the quality and presentation , the price was in line with the quality low	516
1	chips and salsa are awesome . the queso was good with chips . we ordered the sample plater with queso cheese . naturally its crowded on this day and mistakes with orders are expected . but doesnt take away from the flavors . wore more salsa on my shirt than usual but hey i enjoyed it all .	1558
1	somewhat lower priced birth control , with really long waits . the centers are pretty much all the same here , just with different hours . the staff is friiendly , but so slow you 'd think they 're actually making your pills from scratch in the back . but , they are more affordable than your regular doc if you do n't have insurance .	2334
0	i 'm done going to this place . twice in a row and the service and food have been subpar . servers that do not write down my order do not impress me . we ordered an appetizer that never came . when we asked about it our food arrived so we chose not to wait for it . having just ordered soup and salad that was underwhelming i left hungry . there are too many places in monroeville to go there again .	1367
0	i 've shopped at this safeway store for almost 15 years and have always loved the clean store and excellent customer service . in the last few months that has changed - i 've had several bad experiences that i 've reported to the manager without seeing any change . very often the cashiers talk to each other without even greeting customers , baggers crush items and i 've even had to ask them to at least keep bagging while talking to each other so i can get out of the store ... even witnessed a bagger pick a ( verbal ) fight with a customer while waiting for a manager to resolve a problem . i 'm just consistently disappointed .	2785
1	not a big fan of the hollywood location but the vegas location has much better food and the service is excellent . the crowd is cheesy but hey this is vegas guys ! i had the sea bass which was perfect . the pretzel bread was to die for . the short ribs were a bit salty but they changed it and it was just fine . prices are high but it 's a pretty restaurant in the new aria so i would give it a shot for sure .	971
0	totally ripped me off . do not fall for being charged for diagnostic service so they can try to get u for ridiculous charges after . go elsewhere . wanted close to $ 2000 to get my vehicle running . i towed my vehicle to another place 2 miles away . $ 40.00 later my vehicle was on the road . they should be ashamed of themselves .	2084
1	i recently got my windshield replaced with safe auto glass and could n't be more pleased . it was smooth from the beginning till the end and my glass looks amazing . i received the promotions i was offered from the sales rep and would highly recommend this company for any auto glass needs !	200
0	very rude service ! 5 people after me got their coffees but nobody make my baby 's smoothie ! and no one feel sorry about it ! and after drinking just a quarter of the smoothie baby and i both started running bathroom !	3669
1	good ol ' starbucks ... . they have everything for every season . during the winter they have their seasonal drinks such as the famous pumpkin spice latte , peppermint mocha , creme brulee latte . or the refreshing flavors during the summer like the passion fruit tea and lemonade or the very berry hibiscus tea . my favorite however anytime throughout the year is the white chocolate mocha and the classic chai tea , hot please . best of all , free wifi ! ! ! every starbucks has tables and chairs and you can lounge as long as you want .	2950
0	i guess i should n't be surprised at a national chain auto shop like this trying to get more money out of customers than originally quoted but when you drop your vehicle off for a $ 10 tire rotation and pressure check and then get told they cant get some of the lug nuts off so they 're going to have to charge you to replace studs its a little ridiculous . so $ 10 was going to turn into more than $ 100 . their inspection also suggested $ 2300 more worth of work ... i 'll pass on ever returning to these guys again . fletcher 's should have never sold to these guys .	3795
0	place is over rated ! ! first let me start with the kids club ! ! it 's hard enough your a mom and get to the gym to work out ! ! only for them to send you home bc there is no room for your kid.. it 's pretty much unmotivated me to even go.. with that said , also machines are always full ! ! pretty much you get kicked off the machine before your even done.. they just keep on adding more people it 's over crowded.. machines are not kept clean ! !	3268
1	`` great service '' on saturday , i called to get brake parts , for my girlfriends car.i spoke with paul , he went out of his way to help me . i got all the right parts . and at a better price than pep boys . boyd and charles , are great guys to deal with , as well . if you are tired of dealing with rude , disrespectful people , and tired of getting the wrong parts . than give the auto zone at 6770 sky point drive , a call . thanks . steven jay	506
0	the experience i 've had in this place is literally the worst experience i 've had ever ! the staff was so rude and horrible to me and my wife and we only wanted to adopt a cat . we left with no cat whatsoever and the worst experience i 've received anywhere . they may say they are doing something good in the world but it does n't give the right to treat people like shit .	1787
0	car wash has been sold to a new company . they have been closed for weeks but that has n't stopped the new company quick quack from billing the monthly rate . after calling and trying to resolve the charges , turns out neither company wants to admit to billing me . not a good way to start things off . several other carwashes that are n't far away . i will be checking them out .	2044
0	i got 5 pieces of beef with my pad kra pao dish take out ! ! this is ridiculous . and it was $ 13 ! what a rip off .	779
1	the food is very good and fresh . the portions are big too . a nice little gem . if you want a great tasting healthy meal give it a try .	779
0	brought my husband 's truck to get washed , first time at this location we have the unlimited pass . as we sat there watching them attend to our truck we see the girls doing the windows and the guys standing and talking . they let our truck dry naturally , windows were half ass cleaned . and when we brought it to their attention they all just stood there looking at the truck and no response , yeah the truck was dry because of the wind not because they actually did anything . this is the worst service we had with cobblestone to the point we are now contemplating cancelling all together with . completely ridiculous when you spend the money you spend ...	988
0	this is terrible service . my mothers appointment was at 2pm she was n't seen for at least 45 minutes and that 's because we had to check in with the front desk of the doctor sharing the office with gupta . the staff is very irresponsible and just look miserable and they are n't very friendly or helpful . usually as a new patient they give you paperwork before entering the actual room . the nurse had my mom filling out paperwork at the same time he was trying to take her blood pressure and everything else . the doctor himself is very kind and helpful but his office staff and nurses do n't do him any justice .	297
1	i could n't have said it better than vivian s. she pretty much covered everything regarding the food court here . greenland supermarket is a little gem for visitors who want to experience something better ( like diversity of asian food , etc . ) than what 's offered on the las vegas strip . i was pleasantly surprised to take a short drive to this location to just browse through the aisles and aisles and aisles of hard to find asian products and foods that are n't so common in the south . the variety is tremendous and i definitely stocked up on my snacks . just go here .	715
0	the owner of the property we are renting engaged this company to replace a defective spa heater . when they finally came out , they started the work , and left the old heater and trash all over the place . it took them several weeks to finish the repairs and clean up the mess they made . we made numerous calls to find out what was going on , and got a different story each time . on the final visit john initially refused to even talk with us . when i approached him he finally let me know what he had did , however it was quite obvious he was not intending to do so . the entire process took almost two months .	827
1	disappointed but previous reviews . found this randomly on groupon and gave it a try while vacationing for a friend 's birthday . vicki was our host . amazing . she did n't anything and everything to accommodate everyone 's needs . she made the entire experience well worth it . definitely will do it again but will request for vicki ! ! !	2122
0	three days in a row i 've went in this place and they never have nothing they run out of bagels run out of stuff to put on the bagels there a joke i live on the east coast and dunkin ' donuts is there never run out of nothing if i had it my way i would give it a one star and the people there are rude	1131
1	i 'm writing this review based on training and shopping experience . i 've never had to groom , board , or use the vet facilities here though all look great . the training here is the best in charlotte . mr willie is wonderful- he turned my rambunctious crazy pup into an off-leash walker in less than 6 months . we started in his beginner class , went through intermediate and advanced , and are now in therapy dog classes , looking forward to taking the therapy dog test soon . willie can help you with any problem , from drooling to chewing to car sickness to aggression . he 's the caesar milan of charlotte . highly recommend ! ! !	514
1	i started getting my pedicures here a few months ago . i will absolutely not allow anyone else do my feet except tom . tom is a true gem . the best pedicures and foot massage ever . i 'm a client of tom 's forever ...	2128
1	very speedy urgent care . i go here exclusively , they are faster than my pcp and any other urgent care . the longest i 've spent total time in and out the door with my prescriptions is two hours and that with a full lobby of sick people . most of the time i 'm in and out of the urgent care in less than an hour . the staff are courteous and professional and seem to be genuinely concerned with my well being . i really appreciate have a place to take my family and know that i 'm not going to be there all day .	2580
0	horrible customer service had a receipt and wanted to exchange something like i was told i could they told me they needed the complete original packaging which was a piece of cardboard way overpriced also	1561
1	came in thursday , and they were able to help me on saturday ! super fast ! the office is small not too fancy , but then again the price paid was less than half quoted everywhere else . i definitely recommend them for any process !	1932
1	as an update ... i was contacted a few months later by an executive of the company who apologized profusely for the poor service . after a conversation with him , i have to say i was very impressed and believe his words in `` that is not the way they do business . '' he was emphatic about it and i believe it now . he hoped that i would try to company again , and actually i really will now . in fact , based upon this follow-up , i have recommended this company to a friend . this is a good example of the fact that '' customer service is not a department ; it 's an attitude '' . good for you .	2833
0	pricey bread , too pricey for the quality.their sourdough baguette is just plain white bread , the brioche , blah . the decor is lovely , clientele , upscale ; more like chi chi hang out than anything else .	2327
1	awesome & delicious donut choices , cool atmosphere , excellent customer service ( shoutout to tj for the cotton candy donut recommendation , it was great ! ! )	2053
1	consistently great food from this gem in the south hills . vibrant atmosphere . we have been here several times over the last two years and the food is always terrific . try the beet salad and the grilled crab appetizer . fantastic .	1171
0	normally a decent mall . i was at southpark on fri , 3/11 during the evening hours and there are packs of juveniles running rampant on both levels . no security in sight . wo n't return here on a friday evening again !	492
1	i absolutely love this place ! they serve northern china style dishes here . i ordered the pork steamed dumpling , the braised fatty pork and some bao 's . i especially liked the thin wrap that they use for the pork steamed dumplings . everything tasted delicious , however , the food can be a bit heavy/greasy . their decor is pretty modern and the glass lets you see right into the kitchen . the seating is fairly roomy making it great for larger parties . will definitely come back !	943
1	this is a very nice target . it is clean , inviting , and the staff is very nice and helpful . i do a lot of shopping here based on the cleanliness and atmosphere . i would recommend this target to anyone looking for a nice place to shop .	2411
0	until they get rid of the company that takes care of the farm animals i will never go back . peta needs to shut this co down , i saw unbelievable crulity to these animals	759
0	i last paid a visit to this mcdonalds about a month ago and ordered breakfast . though it was n't busy , the cashier took us to a kiosk and said she her manager wants patrons to use the machine instead of ordering at the register because they are `` quicker . '' this was the second time this has happened and now we do n't go back . part of the experience of going to this mcdonalds are the nice cashiers and interacting with them ... especially when it 's not so busy in the morning .	1489
1	great food , good service , fun vibe , always busy for weekend brunch . worth the wait .	975
0	i live about 1000 miles from nearest conns store and have never shopped in one . yet they call me daily trying to collect money from me but wo n't tell me what i am supposed to owe for . judging from all the complaints out there , they are an appliance store covering for a pretty shady financial operation . ignore their calls and do n't give them any info .	2673
1	what a gem ! very kind staff and reasonable prices . they even gave me a pedicure kit to take home because they would n't use it ! we 'll be back for sure !	2481
1	this place was really good . it 's really hard to find organic options that are reasonably priced . they had very flavorful food and its prepared as healthy as possible . we 'll be back !	1402
1	you get what you pay for . i am not looking for first class accommodations when i fly usually . i am looking for an inexpensive and safe airline . i will usually research an airline before i fly them and allegiant has won awards for their maintenance . that is important to me . factor in that you can get a cheap ticket if you do n't mind not picking your own seat assignment and only taking a carry-on . i have flown them to pasco , ft. collins and colorado springs . usually on time and nice crews . i will fly them again .	3127
0	the worst customer service ever ! ! i had a coat getting altered and they messed it up and tried to blow me off for several days . the lady just tried to give me my coat back and say go somewhere else and the manager has no managerial skills at all . it took me to tell them i 'm going to call the news and take u to court to get my money back..which the manager tried to give me store credit first.and as i was leaving another customer had same problem with management ducking and dodging to take care of the customer.very very poor if i could give negative stars i would .	3032
1	i have been a patient of dr. schroeder 's for over 5 years . i love this office and my doctor . yes , there is usually a wait , but that 's because they are specialists and spend the time with you explaining everything . i do n't mind waiting as i know i will get the same service .	737
0	i asked for pizza at 5pm ... ... ..it is 805 pm ... ..still no pizza . they said , so sorry , we have it done by 6:45 . they did n't . so unreliable edit : '' no pizza till 9:30	1478
0	never going back to bonterra . this is the second time that we could n't eat at the restaurant due to a private party . very inconvenient . and the food are not that great . glad there are so many other choices now in charlotte .	886
0	i got a fairly expensive groupon and walked out looking with a rachel from friends . i understand the 90s are back , but i feel like i should be a soccer mom somewhere . i told her 3 times that i wanted bangs cut on an angle . she said she understood , but she went ahead and cut them flat . this haircut is terrible and i wish i could get my money back .	3686
1	deven did a great job . he was extremely attentive to my needs and kept me informed with the listing for the building that i was interested in . when we closed , he helped me look at the options for the management of my new property . very responsive .	3870
1	good experience in good value ! especially with yelp discount . very good relaxing experience after an intense hike !	735
1	again , 100 % spot on . thank you so much for the best 2 hours i 've spent in years . i feel like a wet noodle . think it 's time for a nap . i love the staff . i love the hospitality . i love my masseuse . thank you to all of you . you are a great team .	1950
1	i 've been here a few times over the last week or so , and the daily choices for drip coffee have been fantastic . i love the variety , and each kind has been full of flavor . i 've had a few of the pastries as well , which were n't really anything special , but that 's okay ; i personally come just to seek my morning coffee , and am more than pleased .	1140
0	all you need to know is that the chicken was extremely dry . if a shawarma place ca n't get that right , is it really worth trying ?	1206
1	had the brunch . it comes with pastries , a glass of champagne , a starter , entree and dessert . had the pizza and wife had fish . tasty although pizza crust got very hard as it dried out . ambience is very cool and chi-chi . we liked it and will try happy hour if at the mall .	941
0	okay . so , yes , i did have high expectations . i waited more than a month to go to this place because of schedule conflict , not because it 's restaurant week . it was n't worth it . idk . maybe it 's because it 's restaurant week . but that 's not a good excuse . the interior did n't look much like what it looked like on the internet , the calamari was too cooked , my wife 's pasta was almost as hard as twizzlers and the desert was too sweet . i would not recommend this place to anyone .	886
1	i 'm really not sure what 's up with all the negative reviews . i had a very good experience with sixt . no arm twisting or belligerent scare tactics to shin on for additional accident protection . every employee from the shuttle driver to returns were as personal and helpful as can be . a nice selection of well maintained cars i will definitely use sixt again in cities they cover .	1905
0	i dropped my cardinals tickets off sunday morning with the agreement of 70/30 split in my favor . they called me back an hour later and said they made a mistake and it would be 70/30 in their favor . really ? ? ? i 'd rather eat my tickets than do business with someone that does n't keep their word . seller beware .	1995
1	hubby and i tried this just to see what it was not expecting much because we figured it was geared towards children . and although it is , we still had a fun time going in it . it also made for some cool pictures !	3060
0	the golden tee machine 's spin button is not working . how can you expect to make nice shots without controlling your ball ? also it was the masters today and they would n't put on the tv noise so we could n't hear the announcers . instead it was some rap type music . the food and service was fine otherwise though .	1177
0	are here twice and both times the wings were undercooked . the second time i even asked for the wings to be cooked longer and we 're still undercooked . never coming here again . be aware owner will respond to you for bad reviews telling you that you are wrong for feeling negatively about his business .	1397
1	dr. smith is amazing . i love him . he is the reason i keep coming back . very thorough . great job . dr. hererra very helpful . staff drops the ball . a lot . but the doctors ... .they are worth whatever issues you have to go thru to get to see them .	590
0	absolute worst grocery store . bakery has nothing fresh meat department has nothing priced well or fresh . no one will bake or cut anything fresh . they are banking on the convenience for mountains edge customers.also the deli never uses clean and covers after they are cleaning equipment . completely disappointed .	1904
0	the atmosphere was nice , but the service was poor with only one waitress serving the lounge . the food menu was also quite weak as it appeared to be made up of one small plate from each of the surrounding food venues . the alcohol menu suffered from the same problem as the other bars in the aria , no high end whiskey .	456
1	this is the best ac repair service in the valley . they were sent by my hone warranty . no hassel or up sale . my ac went out on the holiday and they came out the next day and had me up and running in 30 min .	2776
1	i love coming to this starbucks at the trails . it 's my 3rd place . my issue is this ... its 107° so i 'm not going to get coffee , hot or iced , and sit outside in this heat in the daytime . it 's now 8:00 pm , starbucks is closing and there are streams of people filing in to make it before they close . i think it 's time to convert to summer hours ! stay open until 10:00 ! keep it open ... they will come ! if you agree show some love ...	44
0	not taking this airlines again . was told here was a delay , but upon arrival was here was a 2.5 hour delay . this was known days ahead , but notification not provided until after check in . it would have been nice to have been advised before then ... as the delay ( construction at sf ) was/has already been going on . so in summary.. not disappointed in the delay ( this happens and i understand that ) , it was just the lack of communication .	1623
1	i have truly never felt more physically or mentally healthier since going to esos lifestyle center . i look fantastic & my depression is gone ! best decision i 've ever made ! sam , the owner is incredibly intelligent and has the best knowledge of the anatomy & physiology of the human body . thank you esos	3206
0	wow , location is horrible ! ! ! scary dungeon at night- so far from mccarran car rental shuttle - out in a dusty desert field.super long wait times - antiquated check in . do n't forget your insurance card ! the one star was for the actual car , which was fine . totally not worth the few dollars you save by not renting from a company actually at the mccarran rental car station- which would be a much cleaner faster and easier experience ! ! ! ! !	3576
1	the service here is excellent . they are very helpful and reasonable . they do n't try to sell you services you do n't need . i 've had 2 vehicles inspected and serviced here , both honda 's and the service here is much better than the dealership across the street . i will continue to take my vehicles here for anything needed .	2260
1	i have a review of one star at a different kfc location ( the one on 10000 block of west charleston ) but this location had the freshest tastiest chicken i have ever had . service was timely and courteous . i would drive out of my way for this location rather than go to the one in my neighborhood ( summerlin ) . kudos to the management )	1517
1	it 's alright . a convenient place to grab sushi before heading down to the lake or the garden which is located nearby .	41
0	not worth the money . dirty , equipment falling apart , just run down . you would think with the amount of money you pay , it would be clean and they would replace old equipment and fix the leaking roof . spend your money at another gym .	1620
1	this place is such a great breakfast option ! i had their french toast which came piled with fruit and a cup of fresh squeezed orange juice . the decor is very modern and features a spiral staircase leading to the upstairs seating . they have a huge menu ranging from just about every breakfast option you can think of . definitely a great place to stop in before a day of sightseeing in montreal .	243
1	i just found this store . if you are in need of costume jewelry , this is the place to check first . great selection . this is not very high end jewelry , so if you are on a budget it 's worth a look . why the manager would n't let me take a photo to post on facebook is a mystery . why pass up free advertising ? ? anyway , take a look .	3839
0	hire new security ! light skinned guy ( who i 'm not even sure was sober enough to be security ) was a little in his feelings and i guess had a bad night , decided to be rude for not reason to our party . mind you , i was with a group of super bowl champions , and this guy left a terrible taste in all of our mouths . he was a complete clown . even the police told me to call and complain . .	2728
0	employees really need to straighten up . one behind the counter is flipping off a coworker who 's smoking right outside the entrance while there 's a line of customers . i believe the one who was smoking said they 're cousins but nonetheless should n't be unprofessional .	1738
1	i 've been going to this location for a few years now . it 's recently been placed under new ownership and it could n't have come at a better time . the lady that now does my nails is so much better than anyone that was here previously . all the staff is brand new and they are definitely an upgrade !	3040
0	very good location : close to downtown and near the lake . the rooms need to be renovated : furniture was chipped and stained , draws could not stay closed . no complimentary internet - not even for elite spg members . usually spg properties allow you to use computers in the lobby or in the business center , but not here .	1859
1	this car wash just raised its rates 67 % to $ 5 . but they left the big 3 on their sign to deceive customers into thinking it was still $ 3 . the big 3 now stands for 3 minutes . we will be going elsewhere from now on .	3785
1	i think ive found my new favorite nail salon ! ! everybidu here is super sweet.. very patient and they actually listen ! ! ! ! i live in goodyear but work closer to mesa . i wanted to just relax a little before hitting the traffic back home and omg was i blown away ! ! prices are so reasonable and the work here is amazing ! ! ! i will honestly be coming back here from now on ! ! ! kevin is the best ! ! !	1783
1	another social sunday stop . popped in and got a couple pizzas to go . there was a line that moved quickly . we both opted for making our own pizza . i got pesto , pepperoni , mushrooms and olives . hubbs got marinara , pepperoni and sausage . both pizzas were good and not soggy , even after the long ride home . mine was salty but it was my own fault . i was n't thinking . the mushrooms were marinated , that plus the kalamata olives really put it over the top salty . it was still good just a little much . 800 degrees is a good deal even without the discount .	282
1	i 'm usually not very 'adventurous ' in my meals . but i 'll eat anything they make . the chicken tiki masala is the best i 've ever had .	640
0	if you like to spend 20 minutes between your order and when you get your drinks , and you really mean lukewarm when you mean hot , and you do n't really care about how they taste , then this place is perfect for you ! i would give it one star if they did n't have the tiramisu crepe cake , but if you find yourself here by mistake this is the one saving grace . great atmosphere though , perfect for the 20 minutes you will waste waiting with popcorn to watch your own sanity slip away .	344
1	great food and great service . my boyfriend and i had the pleasure of having austin as our server . he was so funny and personable . he is definitely an huge benefit to this restaurant . thank you , austin .	705
1	i needed a car on a saturday and did n't realize they close at 1 pm on saturdays , so i got there a few minutes before closing . the agent stayed late to help me out , which i really appreciated . no problem with the rental and return .	2371
0	quoted $ 153 and change to get my gear shift changed and mind you the part cost $ 12.99 , so $ 140 included labor . they open at 8a and i got here at 8:16a . it 's now 12:08p and the technician bret ca n't remember how to put it back together . wtf ! ! no one bothered to say anything or give me an update on the progress , until i asked at 11:05a . so on top of the $ 153 , i am having to use several hours of pto ! it 's now 12:10p and no car . maybe i 'll go play them the same 30 min youtube video i watched .	1957
1	been a member at this location for over 2years . today was specially extraordinary . her name is jenny ... and she 's awesome . think i grew a couple of inches . she was fantastic . the pain in my lower , sciatic nerve is gone . she used some special natural oils and i feel great . thank you jenny ! ! ! and as always , the rest of the staff is very professional . bought the new scented candle `` mistletoe kisses '' and it 's so christmasssy ! ! ! !	1950
1	this place is great ! was hesitant ordering from here and not a lowes or home depot but decided since the prices were better and staff was friendly . jay and brett have excellent customer service ! jay was really patient with me and all my questions and helped me figure out the exact things i needed for our project . i would say some items took a bit longer then they were supposed to but everything came in finally and correctly . anytime we need anything like this i will make sure to give this place my business !	1548
1	the best walgreens on rainbow blvd . the staff are knowledgable friendly & down to earth hospitable management is caring & will handle all customer service needs that come there way . ca n't say enough great things . to mention a few names . dara , camie , tanya , jackie , seth , melissa , karen . so many more that i have left out & i 'm sorry . kudos guys for being the best part of my day every-time i come in ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	3937
0	came on a saturday night for a friend 's birthday , definitely not what i expected . there was no cover fee , the place is really small - no dance floor . the music does not include top 40 , had to ask the dj to play some hip-hop . mainly light rock or metal . expected a lot better . 2/5	2237
1	this store was pretty good envoy helped me out . i had a check engine when i came by just for a code pull . we had his tech take a look . it was `` off '' when we looked at it i had envoy help me recheck it and i found out what the problem was i had a p0320 so i figured it out . his service was great he 's a very focused gentleman . i 'm on vacation for the weekend from la so i 'm glad he could help . thanks good on you bro	1778
0	i really wanted to give this one star , but dr. gorman was fantastic . everything else from service to follow up was terrible after . go there for the script , do n't bother ordering anything from them , you 're better off going to costco .	403
1	good mall for walking . there is a costco , movie theater and decent food court	2815
0	having eaten at the nyc bareburger i expected similar goodness . uh uh . i ordered some type of game meat that had no distinction whatsoever from ordinary beef . this was an expenisve very boring and tasteless meal with very ordinary fries . expensive and dull , perfect for toronto .	1417
0	upon entering this store , i found this place to be very cluttered and disorganized . the staff here is lacks knowledge but overall is friendly . however ? i could not give this place two stars due to the fact that they refused to sell me an item that i know is completely legal . i could basically buy anything in that store but one item . i find that this place could really could do better if the prices were a lot more competitive unlike the ad that is placed outside of sahara that everything states that everything is 30 percent off and that the employees should be current with nevada law .	2927
1	the only reason they got 4 stars is because of their 3d . the theater is very nice , and the seats are nice ( more comfortable than harkins in fact ) . in all fairness i am comparing their 3d to imax 's 3d . i saw the hobbit in imax real 3d and it blew us away . seeing oz in real 3d was not the same , and the 3d was not as good . for non 3d movies i would probably choose amc now over harkins due to the comfortable seating . as with any movie theater the prices were insane . $ 4.75 for a bottle of dasani ? ? ?	2406
1	i order taxi 's for various out of town consultants . typically they arrive within 15min and its cost effective . it works for our company .	3142
1	this was my first time trying poke and i decided to order the ninja and was not disappointed . the salmon was fresh and delicious and i was pleasantly surprised by the variety of toppings they offered . i was also happy to find out that they had a liquour licence and served asahi beer . nothing like poke and an ice cold asahi on a hot summer day . the staff were friendly and professional which is n't always the case in korea town ... i will definitely be back for more !	309
0	fun , tasty cakes and awful customer service ! stay in school kids ! we would n't go back if they were giving the cakes away for free !	18
1	i love this store because it has plenty of deals and things you will be happy to find , but it 's clean . i spent a lot of time in here and found some amazing items at fantastic prices . the only reason i did n't give them a 5 is because they do n't have any carts . it 's to their own detriment because people would buy more if they had carts . there 's more than sufficient parking and they always seem to have plenty of sales off their already amazing prices . the staff is also very kind .	3276
1	this place is okay . it 's pretty straightforward they close one day a week . i can walk in other days without any issues . there is going to be some wait on the weekends . saima is the girl who does eyebrows and is quite an expert at it . she is very quiet and an introvert . i do n't think that is being discourteous . they started with $ 7 eyebrow then went on to $ 9 and now back to $ 8 , cos of competition across the street . but at least it 's getting my work done and unlike other places where i have to make multiple calls to finalize an appointment .	1383
0	the women running the business is a very scary-looking and rude woman . she does n't even have nice teeth herself . the office was n't very professional looking at all and my teeth did n't even look much whiter after the procedure ( maybe 4 shades ? ) . groupon holders beware there are way better ways of getting whiter teeth for $ 100	2909
1	my spouse and i come here for our scions maintenance - very happy with such great service and the toyota warranty . i wish i came here and gotten my car from toyota instead of jeep . out of all dealerships - this dealership never made feel pressured with a kind `` here is my car , call me when you made your decision . '' i love my jeep but the customer service sucks at jeep miller . only if i could of forsee the future -- i would of purchased the rav 4 . keep up the good work guys !	307
1	pretty impressive they came through with 2 dozen pink and white cupcakes on late notice . everyone at the party loved our treats and im glad we had such a good experience . now i would recommend some sort of bulk discount because 2 dozen cupcakes to the time of $ 85 bucks is a little stretch , talk about the spoiled kids i have..	2024
0	a reply to their comment . he did not refuse to do surgery , in fact im a perfect candidate for this surgery . try actually reading my whole review before spewing stuff that does n't matter . such as addressing how rude he is . or how he wanted to do a procedure that was dangerous to my health . obviously he used to be good but that no longer seems to be the case .	557
0	i love museums . very disappointed in this one . expensive for the value of the exhibits . the bulk of the exhibits are photographs and digital displays . coat check is unsupervised - which i 'm accustomed to in some museums - and of all the lockers there are only two that work .	3847
0	horrible experience as a long-term spg traveler . one of the guest experience associates , refuse service for me 15 minutes before the end of the night . complete laziness and lack of personal attention.the front desk , while apologetic , did not do anything to help me . very unfortunate .	1690
0	sold me a car with damage to the a/c condenser . it was filled and sold . thanks again asshole .	2244
1	the service is good . very officiate and fast whether heading to the airport ( wait time 1 min or less ... or being picked up from the airport ( wait time within 5-7 mins . i gave 5 stars solely on the value with using groupon .	2531
1	quick and easy for the laser hair treatment . the office was big.. quiet.. had tvs and magazine to keep the ones waiting.. happily waiting . we did have a 630p appointment .	2631
0	i went at 230 on a monday . it was dimsum i hated every second i was there , the carts were going around but the ladies kept ignoring us and i do n't understand why . we got gar how & a spinach dumpling . after that not a single cart were go by and we sat for so long till i finally i gave up we went to pay and it was 14 $ which is soooo high for what we got ... ... i 'll never ever go back .. .. food was good though	0
1	great facility . the staff is very helpful and everything is clean . i also had a great experience with danny as a trainer . definitely recommend .	1802
1	biggest of thanks to matt at one stop wireless ! ! i called a ton of places before i came here so i could have my shattered iphone 6 screen fixed . everywhere offered me $ 150 or more & i would have to leave my phone with them for more than one week . not happening ! but at one stop wireless matt fixed my phone in one hour for half the price of those other places ! ! so grateful ! life saver	2930
1	this is a shout-out to matt & ashley at this location . they are awesome ! ! on a super cold day when it was already dark & snowing , matt completed my rental agreement , put on his coat , went outside to get my car & then drove it around so that i just had to hop in . ashley is also super nice & helpful , and was able to assist me with a larger car when i needed one . i hope corporate is reading these reviews , because the madison location of enterprise is doing it correctly ! thanks matt & ashley !	2345
0	great place really helpful techs ! ! however the younger girl who answered the phone was completely rude ! ! im a customer service manager my self and i get it answering the phone isnt fun , but dont make the person on the other end feel stupid for calling especially since i was calling to ask about adding another $ 200 in upgrades . i think i will just do them my self now .	3058
0	by far the worst customer service i have ever had to deal with . i have been a member of gold 's , la , and pure fitness . all were easy to deal with and simple to cancel . i have been trying to cancel my personal training for 2 and a half months with no luck and more charges . do your self a favor and save the headache , do n't sign up for personal training here ... i 'm not sure how canceling your regular membership is but i suspect it 's the same.. the gym itself is just a gym , smaller than most but it gets your workout done .	3298
0	i 'm very disappointed ! their yogurt does n't taste as good . not as creamy and flavorful as it used to be . i do n't know what changed but hopefully they fix it !	885
1	friendly staff , and rare movies make this theater a rare gem in the valley !	2450
0	i ordered through ubereats and was extremely disappointed . the perogies did n't even have potatoes in them , it was like a glue-like substance inside that had a slight potato flavouring . they pride themselves on the quality but nothing i ordered was good . everything was tasteless and it seems like they cut corners when it comes to quality . this place is extremely over-priced for the horrible food it produces . i was excited to have another gluten-free and vegan option near me but i was mistaken . do not order from here !	278
0	this is by far the worst pp health care center i 've been to . had an appt and still had to wait almost 1h to be seen . then i found out , almost a week later , that my prescription was never faxed to the pharmacy . when discussing the issue with the clinic 's supervisor , who refused to issue me a refund for the amount i paid for the appt in order to get the prescription , she stated that was only a `` minor mistake '' .	2334
1	we came here after other provider turned us down . the service was super quick , staffs went above and beyond to serve us , even got our windshield fixed . thank you guys , well earned 5 stars .	2544
1	our ac stopped working , so we gave polar air a call . they were able to schedule us for an appointment that same day and even called us back to send someone earlier than scheduled . memo is an incredible service technician ! he quickly diagnosed the problem , explained everything , answered my questions , and was very honest and straightforward . memo was friendly and professional and our experience with him was exceptional . we highly recommend polar air !	1564
0	3 stars for the hotel -1 because it does n't live up to a sheraton standard ... this is an old run down sheraton . still a nice place to stay , but it needs an update . nice pool btw ...	3166
0	these guys were great about a year or so back but now they seem to have had some front desk changes . i came in for a rotation and was told they cant rotate my tires as they were legally bald . i took it to not one but two other discount tire stores who said the tread was about 5 and that not only could they be rotated but they were good for another 7-10k miles . i 've lost trust in this place and will go back to discount for tires from now on .	3405
0	the service is great but the food is horrible ! ! ! our fish fry came out burnt . the cheeseburger we ordered medium . first it came out burnt . the second time it came out bloody . do n't recommend this cook	1253
0	i 've only been to a few advance screenings here , but i do n't really like the theater . i usually go to regal on rea rd . phillips place is an old theater that regal bought and upgraded . although they installed stadium seating , there still is n't enough room between the seats for me ( 6 ' 4 '' ) and the chairs are not comfortable . the parking can be bad too . it 's not worth $ 10 to see a movie here .	3680
1	saw this show twice now but 6 years apart from each time . the acts have been up'ed their game and the performance is much more entertaining now . they keep their material `` fresh '' ! not a bad seat in the house given how they set up the tables ! ! ! this place does scream of bachelorettes- there must have been 30 of them there when we went so if you are trying to get on stage , know that you need to set yourself apart somehow- dress your best and if u are going with a bachelorette and want her to get on stage , shout , point and put a veil or something on her to stand out in the crowd .	2149
0	worst place ever ! i was worried sick about my dog and i heard so many good things but when i walked in the place was empty and they could n't help us at all . stay away from this place . i recommend desert view animal hospital is a much better fit	2009
0	went here looking for business attire for an interview my daughter had . there does n't seem a rhyme or reason to the way this particular store is laid out . the worst was they gave my daughter two right shoes . perhaps she should have looked but did n't . when we got home she realized she had two right shoes . the cashier had checked the shoes at the register but missed it as well . the only reason i 'm giving two stars is because they stayed until we got back to exchange the shoes .	1608
0	we recently bought a house in peoria and hired gary/plumbnow to remove a walk-in tub and replace with a normal bathtub . the replacement tub he installed has cracked in a number of areas and we attempted to contact gary to make repairs . he quickly blocked our phone numbers and we now need to find a new plumber to make things right . overall an incredibly unprofessional , awful experience . i would give zero stars if possible .	1721
1	great el camino burger . split that and an order of garlic wings with my girlfriend and still had leftovers to take home . we also had onion rings that came out nice and hot with some good sauce for dipping . add a couple raspberry ices teas and our bill came out to $ 43 . no bad .	1487
0	i booked appointment through yelp and decided to buy a series of blow outs . made appointment at salon for 2 weeks later . i show up and front ca n't figure out what happened to my appointment . had charity event that same evening . what is the use of a blow out place if they ca n't get their act together for appointments . asked for refund for the credit i have . front workers said they could n't and i have to email owner . the email address was wrong and i called twice and got 2 different email address which was all incorrect . bad business on tatum and shea .	2190
0	do n't go by what they have online . express is no lotion and the scrub is more like a quick touch on your heel . the technicians were not friendly . when i pointed out the discrepancy on their website they argued and were rude . it 's not my website . i 've always had good service but only when i 've paid more . if you get the express do n't come here .	2372
1	i got the mocha chocolate chip frape mmmm sooooo good made my day un till i got stuck in the play house lol just kidding	1220
1	started going here in college with my roommates when they had $ 5 burger tuesdays . yeah its a chain but they seem to do it right . menu has the standard fare , with noticeable twists . they recently changed the recipes for some of their apps , not for the better in my opinion , but the green beean fries are my favorite . waiters are generally really good , and their stripes card gets you free chips and salsa , as well as points for free food and desserts . vanilla bean cheesecake is a wonderful way to end your tgif dining !	1187
1	my nieces attend gaa and they could n't be happier ! the curriculum and structure seem to be well balanced and challenging , and the teachers are engaging and pleasant . i especially love the innovation gaa uses to send home messages and homework . all schools will have challenges , and it seems gaa is great at tackling issues head on and resolving any conflict . the teachers are supported greatly by the administrators and all faculty are excellent communicators with the gaa community .	2640
1	the core institute is the only orthopedic facility with which i have had any experience . i can not rave enough about my experiences there . from the office staff to dr. myerthall and his assistants , everyone is efficient , courteous and knowledgeable . wait times have never been excessive . i have been consistently treated as a person , never a number . i honestly could not ask for any better treatment ; i ca n't think of any area in which they are lacking . i will consistently recommend the core institute and dr. steven myerthall to anyone needing orthopedic surgery .	2896
0	if safety is the first thing you 're looking for . i would n't try bishop glass . mike one of the driver/owners ? likes to cut people off in traffic . i figure if they 're driving is that unsafe and messy their work is probably the same . drive safer .	1516
0	this company used to be called golba and managed my property for nearly 3 years . during this time they did things like do repairs i did not approve , bring under qualified tenants who damaged my property . they were supposed to do quarterly inspections and provide a report on the property . that happened once a year . they changed ownership so often that i did not know who to hold responsible . bottom line take a look at the reviews under golba . they are poor excuse for property management .	3512
1	i recently bought a vespa from these folk , they are so nice ! i was feeling a bit sheepish cause i was n't ready for a heavy bike yet , i kind thought i 'd feel silly all the way through.. but not at all though . the sales guy was super knowledgeable and super cool and helpful , the owner came out and said hello , there was a dog there lol . they delivered my bike for me cause i still need to get my license and that guy was super nice and helpful too , walked me through my entire bike ! thanks guys !	94
1	i second cynthia c. i live in san francisco , and i love me some pho . # 1 's pho with beef and brisket is at least as good as that of my favorite pho place in sf ; however , # 1 looks like a real restaurant ; my pho place in sf looks like a lunch counter . a great spot for cold-weather lunches .	784
1	love nordie 's , best place to buy shoes , only place i really like to buy shoes ... i am probably the most picky person when it comes to shoes because my feet are weird , one is bigger than the other and my size is in between 6 1/2 and 7 ? ? ? so what to do and where to go to buy shoes ? nordstrom 's of course . they have the best return policy , if a pair of shoes do not work out , it is highly returnable , no questions asked ! now that is what i call customer service in its finest ! ! !	1907
0	my first review of this business was 12/6/17 . now that i found a new place to go , i wanted to share the day/night experience . after many calls i settled on nail design . remember that name . i had a 10:15 appt . i was 10 mins early . the door was open and the owner was standing there welcoming me . he greeted me with good morning said my name and asked if i would like coffee , tea , soda or water ? this was my first visit . i will say no more . tnt has not been introduced to customer service . good-bye tnt ! !	2892
0	oh my . i thought this service was suppose to be an improvement over taxi cabs . i tried uber and i got a filthy 10+ year old car and a driver that barely spoke english . i felt very unsafe in this vehicle . i would never allow a family member to use this uber thing . caveat emptor	2878
0	i went here yesterday and it was nothing like the dos gringos on priest . you can tell the manager at this location is lazy and does n't really care about the location at all . there were 4 dogs on the patio barking . there were children running around with cell phones as their parents were drinking , and the service was crap . bad location . go to the one on priest .	704
0	sat for fifteen minutes in a half empty diner while two waitresses walked purposefully past us avoiding eye contact and served other tables that had arrived after us , apologizing for their ( shorter ) wait . we finally took our business elsewhere since it is apparently not needed here .	406
0	first time joining sam 's club and i had a terrible experience ! we got a good deal on the membership but the place was so disorganized ! there was product on the floor , not much variety . and the lines were so long ! barely any employees around to help . i am just sticking with costco from now on .	2469
1	great atmosphere and delicious food . service is a little slow , but the staff were a sight for sore eyes ! i would go back ! !	634
1	been my doc for over 4 yrs . staff is always very friendly and helpful . he seems pretty straightforward when it comes to telling you what 's wrong and how to fix it . other doctors sugar coat things but not him . would recommend him to others .	965
0	literally zero stars . stopped by today about 1pm to grab a coffee and the service in the drive through was extremely disgusting . the `` boy '' actually said to me `` yeah ? '' when i ordered ! i get to the window and was looked at , provided my coffee and zero salutations ! i felt i was intruding on `` their '' time ! always the same low low standards !	1008
1	we have nothing but wonderful things to say about gymboree ! ! my daughter went for over a year and i 'm getting ready to put my son in a class there too ! just trying to figure out a sitter for my daughter . the teachers a amazing !	3460
1	what a great spot for a delicious , healthy lunch and/or smoothie . unique combinations that do n't taste like every other `` healthy '' spot out there . the staff are kind and friendly . love this joint . more of a takeout place as there 's no seating ( only a stand-up area where you can eat if you 'd like ) .	9
0	i was surprised they could n't dance , mostly they ran around . the choreographing needed serous updating . their bodes were great ! ( thus , the 2 stars ) though , i found myself bored . all the girls ( 12 ) in the wedding party felt the same , the entertainment factor was poor at best , sorry .	2149
1	the good place for shawarma . it comes wraped in warm toasted pita with all the veggies and served with a delicious tahini sauce . the hummos is ridiculously great . i use to always went there for shawarma sandwich for lunch .	275
0	noise from expressway is so loud you can not sleep . like trying to sleep at a racetrack : - ( would not recommend nor stay here again .	1190
0	awful . fatty meat , hard fries , no bread service and expensive . we got a cheeseburger that had hard parts in it and the hanger steak which was so fatty we could n't even chew most of it . disappointing .	1226
0	horrible service , unhygienic environment , and oily food . they have roaches that climb out of nowhere and when you scream , they try to act like they do n't understand the word `` roach '' ! ! like , really ? when a person is freaking out , that is not the time to pretend you do n't understand english . such a nasty place . they actually had to rebuild the a portion of the restaurant because an employee set the roach bomb ( s ) off incorrectly and a fire started .	895
0	i am very disappointed with these people . do not order from them and especially not from amazon online . i ordered several lanterns and then changed my mind but they tell me they were already processed , this was less than 20 minutes later . i sent them an email saying that i changed my mind and i wanted them in a couple days after they arrived seven more arrived . i sent them an email and they said i had to pay to send them back , it would cost me as much to send them back as i paying for them . very unfair and very uncooperative .	3854
0	the new management at the gramercy from newport beach has decided residents should walk around in the 100+ degree temperatures to get to the office . instead of using door from air condition hallways.clearly your head is still in newport beach and not in las vegas where the temperatures kill people .	2151
1	i found lucas lawn care on google when i was looking at getting my front yard turned from dirt to gravel . lucas lawn care quoted us at a reasonable price for what was being done , and did it with no hassles ! they did such a good job with it , we wound up having them cut down some trees for us , which they did for very cheap and did a great job at ! they did such a great job with those jobs , i hired them to do the maintenance for the yard too ! would highly recommend them to anyone looking for a good landscaping company !	2091
1	best place to be for sports events . service and the location is amazing . great staff and the choice of food are huge . delicious foods and great drinks . back and front terrace with tv screens everywhere . the decor is beautiful . good for groups and co-workers .	574
1	i would have written a review back in early 2007 if i have discovered yelp sooner but hey better late than never ! : ) i was fully entertained . the casts can really sing . i give it a four stars since the 3 women next to me was damn loud clapping and singing along to the song . agh ! anyway , i truly enjoyed the whole musical . i just ca n't understand why the 1 and 2 stars given by some . too bad its closed now , i would love to go see it again ,	2752
0	do not go here they just butcherd my cuticles the guy did n't speak any english and the owners wife was yelling at me because i was upset with my service.. then she locked me in the place so i called the police on her and her husband.. they tryed to chase me and then locked me inside.. and i even payed her in full and she did n't even finish her job because she was yelling so loud in the place.. do not waste your time and money..lesson learned never to go to places like this ever again..	3682
0	this restaurant was just ok nothing special . appetizer for 3 pieces of shrimp tempura and veggies was $ 15 . a bit overpriced for what you get . tempura was also falling off the shrimp as if it was half breaded . also ordered orange chicken , but had to send it back because was chewy and not crunchy with on overbearing orange taste . would 've given 3 stars , but before we could even get up and leave the waitress proceeded to clear out our table reaching over us to gather dishes . i can see if the restaurant was packed , but it was not . not so friendly service .	1196
0	website says they can repair an apple nano screen . apparently they do n't and have been `` trying to get that removed from the site . '' i submitted a request this morning and provided my phone number that i would be in today . they could have called to let me know prior that they would be unable to accommodate .	3817
0	been here a few times . the service is always amazing but the food leaves a lot to be desired . i would go back just because of the location .	437
1	my family needed a new washer dryer . i did a ton of research before deciding on best buy . best buy offers free delivery , free set up of the new unit+ take away of the old ( if you mention that you were just at lowes- i do n't know why , just tell them ) . i was saving $ 100+ on that alone compared to sears and home depot . the washer and dryer was on sale ( they even have the older models , we opted for the newer ) and they price match . the staff were friendly and attentive . they knew their stuff , were patient with my family and got us in and out quick .	494
1	nothing like those fresh cookies upon arrival . we stopped over for one night on our way to dc . hotel was clean and staff friendly . pool was half indoor , half outdoor , which kids loved . bathroom in room was a little small/tight but overall we were very happy with our stay .	1741
1	i live close by to the location . i 've have gotten close with the staff fast . it 's always nice to come in and get greeted by your first name .	2843
1	great chicken ! great pizza ! this place is just great at quick and easy service . wish i knew abiut it when i moved to north hill . worth every inexpensive cent , for a meal worth more	1416
0	wtf this must be a target that the target headquarters forgot about . when you walk in it look like you 're in a kmart in the early 90 's , that 's bad btw . it has a strange smell and the employees must not realize they work in customer service bc asking anyone for help was awkward . i could i was annoying them . i will drive out of the way to avoid this target .	2859
0	party of 12 , orders wrong 5 times . sent back and uncooked . staff was apologetic but lost our business very quickly as we decided to move our group to a new venue . cool atmosphere for a beer , food is overpriced and tastes microwaved .	2732
1	everything fresh . best pizza in town come and give it a try you wo n't regret it . we visited this place twice while vacation in vegas . tasty , clean , great stuff . recommended for people who loves pizza .	282
0	this review is for my wife . what the hell happened to billy ? ? ? ? ? ? ?	2057
0	was just completely ignored for fifteen minutes at the men 's sunglasses case . not impressed . i 'll go someplace else with my impulse shopping .	1907
0	terrible service ! ! do n't use zippy shell ! ! no communication , no follow up , no resolution ! ! they really do n't care about the customer at all ! ! they pack what they want , even when you tell them not to pack something and leave things behind that go with what they 've already packed ! ! one big joke ! ! i 've been dealing this whole situation for 2 months now and i still do n't have my pods ! ! please whatever you do , do n't use this company ! !	1613
1	me and my girls had a great time on the tour ! /the clubs were ok ... hyde was the best of the three but we had much more fun on the bus . there was an open bar and lots of entertainment from guido torpedo . awesome host ! ! highly recommended tour .	2122
0	nakia was so sweet and nice during my first appointments , then she changed . nakia has the basic foundation for doing hair and may become better under mozell 's mentoring . the one thing you ca n't teach is professionalism , honesty and integrity . this is where nakia is sorely lacking . she handles her client concerns with a great lack of professionalism , maturity and respect . you would think as a new stylist to arizona and a professed number of years in this business and her professed beliefs , that her client communication and consideration would reflect much better . most unfortunate but ... i can not recommend her services .	82
1	the joint chiro in paradise valley is my regular spot . taylor the chiropractor gave me one of the best adjustments i have ever had and will go to him regularly .	3186
0	fuck this store . rude ass people . always some issues with this store . customer service sucks . people do n't know their own store policies and then the fucking self checkout machines charge you for shit you did n't even purchase . fuck this store .	583
1	came here with a friend on a wednesday , i have been here many times for lunch but i have to say the wednesday spaghetti was a great choice . excellent value super flavorful and absolutely worth the stop in . very friendly staff and inviting atmosphere , the patio was n't open which was a bummer but i absolutley advise stopping in with family friends or for lunch .	102
0	mediocre cake too much icing cracked uneven ... nice over the phone not so welcoming at pick up ... . it was not worth the price paid	782
0	jankiest full set of my life . all i wanted were short , natural looking acrylics ( i 'm a nail biter ) . my acrylics are about 1/4 inch thick and completely misshapen . i had to go home and file them myself because one hand the nails were longer than the other and the shape was horrid . one side was rounded while the other was square . i kept pointing it out and the girl would `` fix '' them but the shape was still awful . i will never ever return . i ca n't wait until i need a fill so i can go somewhere else and have them fixed . awful !	527
0	i called and had a great conversation about cool sculpting . i had decided to use a coupon that was extended to me so i called back and was really discouraged in getting cool sculpting . i was pretty bummed to say the least . two completely different points of view and conversations about the same subject . sad	1349
0	great furniture but absolutely horrid customer service . bought a living room set there . chatty sales person made several errors since she was talking and typing at the same time while she put in the the order . first wrong delivery address then attempted delivery way outside the delivery window . every time i call i 'm on hold forever with their contact center . sometimes those calls end in a hang up and sometimes they flip to the store in glendale which is no help . called the scottsdale store directly to speak to the manager who apparently does n't return phone calls . dont go here .	3738
0	randomly closed 45 minutes before posted hours indicate . sole employee watched me pull in , puzzled , and circle around the lot and decided to duck back inside the dark office . first - and last - attempt to patronize this business .	3819
0	crooks , angela had me go in on my day off in hope of getting rid of my car but that was a lie all these guys lie , told me i would get a free tank of gas for me going in but its all a lie dont believe anything these guys tell you there just shameless sales guys trying to make some money off you . hate this place for life for lying to me i hate liars	2754
0	this is without a doubt the worst car repair location in akron . i took my car in to get the tires balanced and rotated . they called me 2 hours later and told me i needed $ 1,500.00 of repairs none of which had anything to do with the tires . this was on a car with only 48,000 total miles and has been well cared for . took the car to another shop and they said none of the items they recommend where bad . they were so mad i did not have the repairs done they refused to balance the tires . stay clear of this place .	1055
1	we get take out from this place quite often and let me tell you , it 's so delicious ! great peanut chicken and peanut tofu , it 's cest bon ! ! the dumplings are some of the best i 've ever had . delicious delicious highly recommend .	649
0	i have been here twice , both at night time around 6-7 pm . the workers yelled and joked around with each other loudly in chinese . that 's fine . what 's not ok is i hear a lot of chinese profanity . i know that perhaps many could not understand those words , but chinese customers do ! i felt very uncomfortable and i suspect this is just their work culture . those shouting workers were front line at the food section and bakery , not in the back .	2069
1	makers & finders newest location is the perfect spot to grab a warm beverage whether you 're in line for santa photos or enjoying downtown summerlin 's nightly christmas parade . i love the mexican spice latte , but i 'll try to switch it up with the coconut turmeric soon . coffee may be the star , but the latin-influenced food menu is creative and unique . i 'm not usually a fan of caesar salad , but i crave m & f 's version made with kale .	1332
1	i love going to this place because i get to interact with animals ! it was pretty busy but the staff helped us out and were very nice !	1894
1	my family and i have been coming here since i was a kid . we get our rice , produce , and seasonings here . the staff is friendly and treat you like family .	2652
0	: (	74
1	great drinks , good service , baristas are kind and fair . wish they had more vegan offerings , but that is the only piece of critical feedback i can offer . beautiful cafe space .	2163
0	the plain tart is never working and tonight i got blackberries that were turned sour . better find another location .	885
1	one of my all time favorite hakka chinese restaurants . almost everything here taste amazing . some of my favourites are the seafood soup , chilli chicken , chilli shrimp , any of the manchurian dishes and fried rice , pakoras , wings , fried banana dessert and singapore noodles . * i would recommend dining in store rather than takeout only because the food is more fresh and you get large portions .	522
0	below average in most ways service quick food not fresh or quality - below average throughout wonton soup bad large room dimsum lunch may be slightly better than normal dinner items but i doubt its much better	0
1	i 've been a customer for over a decade and i love all the products , the cuts are always original and help me maintain my long look .	2156
1	this place was really good i got the waffles with strawberry and whip cream , scrambled eggs , sausage and kiwi drink . everything was so good no complaints . my husband got the waffles with chicken really good the strips were fresh and crispy taste really good . he got the strawberry lemonade drink bomb.com . overall really great food service was really good going back .	580
1	excellent pie . i had the sausage & peppers ; top notch . high quality toppings , chewy crust , super fast . my only disappointment was being charged $ 4.00 for a soda . pizza is reasonably priced . i 'd come back .	282
1	great hotel ! ! everyone was very helpful and friendly . i recommend this hotel in tempe az to anyone who wants a clean and safe hotel .	2283
1	wonderful place ! i ca n't wait to go back ! ! room was great , room service was awesome , view from the room was stunning .	2866
1	i like yogurt ! yoforia is cool . it 's in the epicenter . the best thing about it is the location . you can grab yogurt and sit inside or outside and people watch . it seems to be in the center of everything . the yogurt is also good . i had chocolate with more chocolate . you can never go wrong with that ! typical yogurt procedure . place yogurt on the scale and get charged more than you expected . the staff was nice . good seating . the place was clean , which was impressive for the amount of traffic they receive . i 'll be back .	1184
0	where do i begin , the woman who did my nails was less than delightful , terrible service , was made wait a half hour after the time i was scheduled , extremely rushed once i sat down and as a result my nails are all different shapes . to top it off , i was told my nails were completely dry and ready to go and they were n't , not even close . i 've been getting my nails done for at least 10 years now and i 've never had an experience so bad . the service was so terrible that i will be going to a different place first thing in the morning . i do not recommend this place to anyone !	655
0	two stars today , only because the do n't allow half-stars . i tried the new blt+a sandwich as part of a 'choose 2 ' combination . the salad portion of my combination was better than my expectations for this location , but the sandwich was , to put it mildly , a hot mess . imagine several strips of bacon stacked haphazardly on half of a thin slice of bread . add avocado , tomato , and lettuce . cover with a second half slice of bread and then squash the result . a nice idea for a sandwich but d- for the execution . never again	484
1	randomly landed here twice through yelp while on travel and enjoyed a quick nice meal ... a whole in the wall place that 's clean and offers good service . the afghan tikka on a snowy in calgary night was too good and so was the wednesday special haleem . i am coming back here for sure . give them a try !	1303
1	highly highly recommend ! first class everything . great , charming chic city hotel conveniently located to everywhere you want to be in the heart of the city . the event staff is superb , the spaces they 've created around the hotel for meetings , relaxing , dining are superb . i always look forward to coming back and bringing my friends from out of town , even just for drinks . just what our city needs ! : )	3859
1	i lived year for a few years a while back . i lived in the caseiana model with a garage . i absolutely loved the open floor plan . anytime we had a maintenance issue ( not often ) they were there right away . after our lease is up at veer towers we are actually thinking of moving back here . the pool is beautiful too . overall a great experience here !	2832
1	justin , the pharmacy manager , is far out . very dude , man . he gets it . there 's a lof of ins , a lot of outs , a lot of what-have-yous in the pharmacy business , but he abides . he helps out the little guy , those in need of a coupon or savings for their special medications . a worthy face of the walgreen empire .	1641
0	not sure about this place , the autotrader website listed them as a place to sell cars the used car dealer was a jerk , pulled a carfax and said there was a odometer issue when i asked to see it he just walked away , got home reviewed the report and it said right next to the entry clerical error , it was corrected ... . lots of cars on the lot no customers ... if you do n't have the money to buy the car just say so	855
0	awful . dr. brown was very cold and impersonal . she had a complete stranger ( another doctor i had never even seen ) that i was going to miscarry . the worst experience in my entire life .	2643
1	i am a new patient that just finished my wellness exam with dr wolfson . dr wolfson is a soft spoken caring doctor that you would keep as your doctor for years to come , and i would recommend him to everyone.his office staff is very courteous and professional .	3321
1	the large selection of overweight adults and chubby children as customers tells you how good the gelato is . excellent selection of flavors . service is super slow though .	164
0	its probably best to find another gym . some staff members are using drugs while handling the kids and the owners kids are just free do do whatever . there is a blind eye to the truth masked with more ideas and projects to the gym . consumer beware ! there is a lot of stuff going on and its best to find a gym that is up to par and not cutting corners.. many people like the gym but you guys are just all over the place . its not safe there and unprofessional . this gym could be great , just the wrong people are running it unfortunately . if your a laid back parent then go for it but keep a close eye .	2750
0	went to dine in with my wife on 8/30/17 . we told the cashier we will take a seat so that we can look at the menu and decide the items to order . my husband went to the counter to place the order . they told us they will come to our table to take the order . when they came to take the order they said sorry this table is reserved for someone . they wasted our time and money . we took a uber to go to their restaurant . really disappointed with their service . if a seat is reserved put a reserved sign on the table , do n't waste people 's time and money ! !	1303
0	they canceled my son 's appointment 3 times and they made no attempt to give us any options to reschedule . the office seems to not care about its patients well being .	3598
0	i have been there twice . the first time i went at 5:30 and i thought it was great . the second time i went at 9 and it was the worst of pittsburgh . the hours of operation say it is open until 10 . they had stopped reloading food by 8:30 and the sushi was actually dry and turning colors by 9 . they had broken down most of the food by 9:30 and the help was eating half of the food in order to get them out early before the buffet was closed . most items were out by 9:30 . i wanted my money back and it was disgusting . i have never seen such horrible planning .	165
1	this is one of those hidden gems that delivers amazingly delicious food , attentive service and a great wine selection . every dish from appetizers to main course to dessert was beautifully prepared . we had the best time in this relaxed bistro environment .	1160
1	this is my favorite museum . i remember going on field trips in grade 5 and loving this place and now , at 25 , i still get joy out of my visits there . there is so much to do there you could spend an entire day just looking at the exhibits . i would strongly recommend the science centre to any parents looking to educate their children in a fun way who have a bit of money to spend . the science centre can be pricey after admission prices , souvenirs and food .	2868
1	hands down the best pizza i 've had in vegas . they use fresh natural ingredients . sls is also a great location . prices are really good on the pies but they catch up on the beverages .	282
1	a truly custom experience . they installed a lift kit on my 06 4runner and did an outstanding job . had a couple hick ups with my vehicle being a little older , but they figured it out no problem . will go back for future upgrades and mod 's .	203
1	this is a relatively good ross location . they have an organized system with the line that they seem to have perfected , unlike many other ross locations . the store is typically well stocked and the employees are friendly .	10
0	if you are into people watching this is n't a bad place . well if by people i mean old ugly degenerates , it 's like a welfare convention meets a senior convention . no food , yes you can bring in food but screw it . the clientele is trash and you are too if you go here more than twice . the people really are what make this place a huge waste of space . otherwise it 'd be an okay bar . i just really ca n't stand how trashy and welfare the people are . i 'm sure there 's been more than one heroin overdose in the bathroom here .	2894
1	they seems to have store coupons every other week or something . go to their web site and print coupon $ 5 off when you spend $ 25.00 . also their eggs are cheap most the time . which are great because i 'm always baking/making things & need to buy 12 dozens or more . hehee they also have yoohoo 3pk for $ 1.00 which is pricey but it 's so hard to find it on the west coast so it 's ok i guess .	2154
1	just one visit turned me from a browser to a buyer . i could have stayed there a good while playing around with their wonderful selection of colors . got to try one of their blushes , which i ended up getting along with a lip paint and eyelashes . very impressed with oscar 's service with helping my friend find a red lipstick . so glad that they have a location here in the bay area .	3316
0	had a microdermabrasion and the student was 20 minutes late into the procedure , therefore i did not get the full treatment i paid for . arrived on time and this is the second scheduling appointment that they blamed on their computer error .	1701
0	i hired for some office furniture projects , they came , took cash , said they could help with future projects and never responded . no receipt , nothing , then i find out they broke the cubicle they were supposed to partially dissemble ... . broke it to the point the entire cubicle system no longer has electricity which costs thousands of dollars ! ! ! worst mistake ever was hiring this 'company ' for a simple job	917
0	worst care ever ! 1 . front office / scheduling is severely understaffed . insanely long hold times , available appointments are too far in the future ( no such thing as immediate care ) . 2 . follow up is ridiculous . doctors work in slow motion and results take far too long . i would never , ever recommend this place to anyone . complain to your insurance to find abetted alternative .	2176
0	air hoses to dry vehicles have had the pressure significantly reduced in the past week or so . so much that it takes 3 times as long to spray the water off . please put the air hose pressure back to where it was before . is it really saving money reducing that pressure ? towels have been running out often in the afternoons . is someone not manning the washing of the towels , or is there a sudden shortage of them ? please be sure to have the top roller brush resume after setting it to not go on during a particular vehicle . it is nice to get what one pays for . thanks .	2939
0	i ordered the omg salad with gyro meat and a drink my bill was $ 15 plus change . after i was done they asked me if i liked it i said no and i could only find two olives in my salad he told me they put two olives on the large salad and one olive on the small salad . the gyro meat was dry and too much dressing on salad i did not eat most of it . i would have expected more for that price . this is not a sit down restaurant you go to counter to order . the man told me i should have gotten the ceaser salad it is good .	875
1	the food here was really tasty - i had the shrimp and crab tortellini . however , the service was super slow .	423
0	i think this place has closed . no cars there for the last few days and their phone number does n't seem to work anymore .	1330
0	i have to workout about an hour before closing to avoid the night club social scene . this gym is slowly turning into a place to socialize and pick-up , using the weight machines as chairs to chat and text . they seriously need to build a lounge for these people and let the people that take their training seriously do their thing . front desk employees do n't greet anymore . i 'm only giving 2 stars for the personal training area that is the only place in the gym that is n't over crowded or has people sitting around . looking forward to the new mountain side fitness in queen creek to come .	3912
1	no doubt the best thai food i have had in charlotte . the staff is super friendly and the service is great .	50
0	this place has gone right down hill . you wait up to 15 mins to be served by disinterested bar staff who rarely bother to return to your table . i would not recommend sharkes now	3397
0	what can i say ? worst service ever . waited over an hr and a half for service , the guy in the front was very rude when we asked for an update , and then food took another hour , food tasted good but the overall evening left a sour taste in my mouth . never coming back .	440
0	hey jill , that 's awesome that your sales person notated that they called me but they did not in fact call . so is your point here to convince myself or someone else reading this review that we should be your customers by calling me a liar ?	2210
0	they deceive you & lie to you to make the `` sale . '' mike stated that one of my certificates expired and in order for me to make it active again i needed to put a deposit of $ 200 . what he did n't tell me was that he was really trying to make a sale . i 've been conned twice from them . last year and just recently . do n't do it or you 'll make the biggest mistake of your life . my mistakes is your gain and i hope you take my advice . i 'm fighting the battle to get my money back .	1777
1	i love his theater ! so comfy . they have reclining electric seats and they serve alcohol ! it 's not a full bar but good enough .	564
1	about once a week me and some friends order to go from here ! they always have the pj 's famous hamburger & fries and i usually have a grill cheese & creamy tomato soup ! such a fabulous idea , for them to deliver in forum shops and caesars palace ! if you 're in town , stop by , if you 're a local , this is the place to be for your treats ! also their happy hour with $ 1 oysters is the best in town ! enjoy !	1538
0	stopped by after work to buy my brother a bottle of rum for his birthday . should have been a fairly uneventful transaction except when i pulled out my credit card to pay was asked if i had cash or could pay debit . i did n't have enough cash on me and do n't own a debit card . now instead of being able to checked out i had to listen to a lecture about how minotti 's was losing money if they accepted my credit card and blah , blah , blah . then put a sign in the window that says no credit card purchases but do n't waste my time because you are clueless how to run a business .	256
0	not coming back again for sure ! it felt like we redeemed a free massage coupon with the service we received tonight unlike before ... my masseur basically rub my body , using his phone and coughing , and talking to the other masseur laughing and the other guy keeps on burping ! ! what a shame for your regular client . i used to love this place . maybe they are under a new management ? ? ? ?	735
1	great place w/great people you get exactly what you expect fabulous service . no complaints over here	2198
0	shame the service and experience has declined . i would not recommend . long wait plus unfriendly staff .	2405
0	really nice sushi . the take out was confusing ... for me and for the people there ... .	1049
0	update to respond to comment - i visited cleveland with family . the booking was not under my name . i stand by my previous review .	1165
1	i love this store . the employees are friendly and very helpful on finding me clothes that fit and make me look good . i went in wanting to buy just pjs and walked out spending over $ 100 . that 's good salesmanship if you ask me : ) i wish it was closer to my house be definitely worth the drive .	47
0	i really like road runner ; but not this location . no one would even talk to me . i went in with the intention to buy a new set of custom insoles and two pair of sneakers . but i waited around , tried to get some assistance , and nothing . the only person to acknowledge my presence was another customer . i do n't plan to ever visit this particular store again .	2557
1	as a country girl , i often find myself missing the small town feel within the concrete city we live in . so it 's always refreshing when i come across a store such as the drake general store . with a little taste of the way back machine , a splash of simplicity and dash of country ra ra , this store oozes the christmas season . i am so happy this is a part of my new neighbourhood as i am sure there will be many a gifts bought at this gem .	1378
1	love the variety on tap here & food is good bar grub . if at the bar there are enough tvs to catch most sports going on any given night or weekend	211
1	nice to go to a freightliner that has integrity as well as a need to get your problem solved asap and a sense of urgency that i have n't seen anywhere else ! ! # thanks for getting us back on the road quickly . .brad barbee and candice sawyers	3914
0	great broth on pho , shrimp rolls are good but sauce was bland . i also ordered the egg rolls but when i took a bite i found a white string inside and lost my appetite . this place used to be my favorite , the owners are wonderful and nice . i remember when they first opened i come often and service was outstanding .	673
1	just drove from norfolk , va and needed a oil change and tire rotation badly . george was able to get it finished quickly and was very professional . definitely recommend in coming here .	3488
1	yesterday , while having a girls day with my homie , i treated her to a starbucks ! the service was with a smile and all the staff was very personable ! my sweet black tea was one of the best i 've ever had and my homie said her drink was delicious ! way to go starbucks !	266
1	this place has been really good so far . they do n't charge an arm and a leg like some places . they do not take credit cards but for the price i 'll deal with that . so far no complaints with their cleaning . the clothes are nice and pressed and so far no broken buttons . they are not a `` drop off by 9 get by 5 '' so you do have to wait until the next day . not a problem since they are right on the way to work .	3944
0	this fry 's is ghetto , it 's dirty , the produce is sometimes moldy , the meat has made my family sick twice and the milk storage cooler always smells rank . i 've returned cheese a few times due to mold , it 's called rotating stock people ! ! the employees smoke in front of the store which is disgusting and they really need to train their baggers ! ! kroger has definitely gone down hill in arizona ! ! i have switched to sprout 's , much cleaner and always friendly staff and prices are better !	3935
0	it 's a hit or miss with the nail techs here . they were not busy but the tech who did my manicure rushed . also , i did n't see them clean the foot soak well .	786
0	my manager ordered food from here the other day and it smelled amazing she had these giant egg rolls . i decided i had to try this place out . i ordered the two giant pork egg rolls which was about $ 6 after tax was extremely disappointed . there was literally no pork in the whole entire world i think at the very end there was a tiny little piece . it should be called the vegetable a girl because there 's no meat .	474
1	beautiful place . unbelievable quality ! amazing service ! thanks so much ! keep up the good work .	720
1	this place is a clean and friendly locations . they always greet you nicely and if you are a return customer they usually know you by name ! the technicians there do a great job with my brisa-gel nails ( $ 35+tip for refills ) . the service is usually thorough ! i would definitely recommend it to someone looking for a place on the danforth that is a cut above the rest in the area . the only reason i didnt give it a 5 star is because when it gets super busy , they can get into robot-mode and the service goes down a tad . this only happens during super busy times though like long weekends or christmas .	3247
0	have had nothing but delays getting granite countertop from here . keep pushing install date back . when purchased from home depot was told it would be installed in 3-4 weeks . now install date is set at 9 weeks from purchase date . so sorry i dealt with them .	743
0	update , and a warning to you . repeat visit 1 : a nickel in the nachos , not a dime , a fucking nickel ... .last i check this is a major health violation . repeat visit 2 : egg shells in my chorizo burrito . on a positive note : i did n't see any insect diners on my table . but i did n't look underneath it in fear of seeing a swarm . remember that movie candyman..remember the bee 's in the toilet ... yea that gives you a mental picture . this place must have some serious pull to not have been shut down by now .	1346
1	upscale from the usual diner breakfast , this was solidly delicious with great service and great food . after reading the reviews and the tips , i chose the pancakes , which came with bacon and an egg . bonus points for being able to poach it and as well for the bacon being cooked just the way i like it - not burned and crispy but cooked through . and the pancakes ? excellent . thick and fluffy and tasty . coffee was good . served with a carafe so i would n't have to wait for a waitress to notice my empty cup . why do n't more places do it this way ?	364
0	we were the only people in the entire place . service was okay , i 'm pretty sure he was the owner . the food was decent , but the hookah was overpriced . the decor was unusual and everything could have used a good cleaning and a coat of paint . i wo n't be back to kabob house .	19
0	the food was delicious but the service was so bad to the point of i would n't want to go back . to busy talking to the staff at the bars and not helping he was super helpful with the other tables but ignored us 80 % of the time .	1046
1	just had a great massage there . i work with large animals so my back and legs where achy but now they feel great .	1785
0	atmosphere : quite crowded for lunch , a place to grab quick food food : 1 . cheese spaghetti bolognese : 2/5 , nothing special , sauce was n't that flavourful 2 . hai nam chicken : 2/5 , the rice was a bit too moisted , chicken had lots of fat price : 6.00-8.00 for lunch special , included soup and a drink overall : nothing really stood out , prices were cheap , burned myself a few times with the hot spaghetti plate	1037
1	we hoped in for a bottle of wine before dinner across the street , a very knowledgeable gentlemen from behind the counter helped is selected a bottle . it paired well with dinner and we came back for desert and coffee after dinner . the staff is knowledgeable and friendly . we will be back !	1160
0	went there to order a takeout family pack of wings at a cost of $ 60+ . the wings were good but the order did not have the toast , french fries or dips that were supposed to be included . it was irritating not to received everything i paid for , and even though we got along without the missing items i still feel like i was cheated . the order was a lot of money and they had some responsibility to make sure it was complete .	1397
0	honestly i called 4 times this week have n't gotten a call back . they seen me once and no follow up . i 've requested several appts on the stupid portal and still nothing . i 've ran out of my prescription that i was reluctant to try i the first place ! now i am 5 days without a refill . do you guys realize how dangerous it is to stop taking medicine cold turkey . i 'm honestly so disappointed i thought you guys were doctors to help and care . so crazy because i seen all the bad reviews i should 've known . hopefully i can find a new place .	1541
0	rude staff . did n't ask which side i wanted with my wrap and had i not asked i would have gotten nothing . she told me the options were only chips or a cookie and that was all . come to find out that was a lie .	3225
0	microwaved , sub-par , food , impatient bowling lane ( the pin machine thing would drop prematurely if you took slightly too long ) , the lane itself seamed to be uneven , as the bowling balls would pile up in the gutters and turn right unexpectedly , incompetent and impatient waiters , rude service , undercooked food , and overpriced . their one redeeming quality is that one of the waitresses was very polite , kind , and funny . would still not recommend .	3296
0	i felt that this place was way overpriced for the service they gave me ( just curled my hair ) . while it was cheaper than other hotels , it was still expensive . the stylist was nice , but seemed not super experienced and my hair was just ok - something i probably could have done . the guy when i checked out asked me if i even had my hair done yet . ouch .	3300
0	this is a typical hong kong style eatery with so so service . food is ok , price is right . i do n't like the noisy environment because the laminate walls that bounce noise badly . the waitresses are always setting table with clinging utensils that make the place like dai pai dong ! very very noisy !	1173
1	last week i ordered a sectional from a very nice salesperson ( julian ) while visiting ashley . the very next day i was looking online and saw that there was a big round chair that matched the sectional . i called julian and ordered the matching chair but it was too late to get it on the same delivery truck . julian had it delivered to the warehouse and picked it up and brought it to me himself . come to find out it was his day off . talk about going above and beyond ... ... thank you julian and ashley for having such a great team .	1794
1	nothing but delicious grilled steak and chicken here ! their pinto beans have a kick of jalapeño and are n't just plain beans like most places . the owner is always very welcoming and friendly the 2 times we have come . definitely need to be coming here more regularly ! !	1581
1	the pharmacy at this location is the best ! they are always helpful even/especially when my insurance company is being difficult . they are patient and kind . they always remember me . the manager is fabulous and it shows through in the rest of the team . even if i moved to the other side of town i would make a trek to continue using this pharmacy .	1223
1	growing up back east i thought that i had given up on being able to find rita 's once i headed west . lucky for me , rita 's franchise has reached the valley . stop in for an awesome taste of the east coast . they specialize in something called a gelati , a combination of frozen ice and custard , that is the perfect summer treat . they have multiple flavors , and will gladly let you sample any of them . my favorite is just simply their italian ice , but my kids love the gelati .	2162
1	went to have my passport photo taken . the whole process took 5 minutes : photo taken , paid and photo readied for $ 9.99+tx be sure to mention the coupon from their website to save $ 2 .	2753
1	this place is absolutely adorable inside , and the ice cream is so good ! i got a waffle cone with choc chip cookie dough , and it was great . my husband got a peanut butter brownie sundae type of thing and he said it was delicious . i highly recommend for a cute , quick ice cream stop !	703
1	palms theatre is the place to go for a wonderful variety of entertainment . concerts , musicals , comedy and even childrens shows . you 'll find it 's more special than a movie and comes with memories for a lifetime . staff and performers are fantastic .	2898
1	favorite smoke shop in vegas . it stays open till 12 and had the biggest variety when it comes to shisha and hookahs ! the men who work here know everything there is to know about hookah . i would recommend this shop to anyone !	2568
0	i think the portion sizes are tiny for whay you pay . other than that the treats are decent .	1125
1	classic irish pub ! happy they have magners cider ! we had the wings as a snack and they were pretty good . staff was nice and attentive and the patio was perfect !	1679
0	worst las vegas show i 've ever seen . started 1/2 hour late and it was soooo boaring . we all could hardly keep our eyes open . stay home with your twins . they might appreciate your talent .	1771
1	these guys are great ! stopped by after work as they were closing and they still made time to give me an oil change . they all were extremely friendly and helpful . i 'll be back in a few thousand miles !	3092
0	had my laminate floor installed by amateurs ! it took them 8 days . and now that i have moved the furniture , i see gaps between the floor and the baseboard . this will be the second time the field sup will come out and make repairs . the first was shortly after the install . now it 's 4 months later . good thing this install thru home depot is guaranteed for a year . find an installer who has experience .	1379
1	it was the best ice-cream . my daughter loved it as well . we will be back soon . do n't forget to order macha coco together with your ice-cream . it was perfect match .	3051
0	not sure what everyone raves about , service was terrible , and the crowd was thin . i did n't eat , so i ca n't tell you about the food , i was going to eat , but based on how long it took to get a drink i went to mac 's to eat and you should too .	1179
0	lazy , ignorant staff . tried paying with visa gift card and was told we could n't because the owner & corp wo n't let them take it . no where is it noted they do n't take valid forms of payment . now the girls can get their tip from their idiot boss or from the corporate office they work for . ignorance breeds ignorance . at least get a decent 'talk off ' if this `` happens all the time '' .	704
0	the worst pie and customer service ever . 1 star cause i ca n't go any lower . this place closes at 10pm . arrived at 9:41pm for a take out . the hispanic looking cook not only gave me a nasty look for coming in late but made the worst pizza ever , not worth the $ 27 charged . called the restaurant the following day and explained to the manager about my experience , but he also could n't care less about it , being sarcastic and rude , just asking me what i 'd want from him . overpriced with mediocre food and giant ego joint . never ... ever .	1116
1	i use mac a lot because i just love their products . this store is a little small as the other reviews state but they had everything i needed . the girl who helped me was great and looked up all my products from another store and i was out in less then 10 minutes on a busy saturday night . great experience , i will definitely go back for to that location for my products .	2409
0	i would not risk my 121 career coming here . very unfriendly and instead of making sure a pilot keeps flying , i got the impression she was trying to ground me . i was berated for having a cup of coffee in the morning , 2 hours before my physical . it was an overall uncomfortable experience . you caught me . i like to review ame 's ive never been to for fun on my days off . i stand corrected as well . from your braggadocios response , i now know you are the greatest .	3888
1	always hot fresh bagels , iced chai tea was the bomb ! friendly , fast , always feel welcome by the smiley staff .	477
1	hidden gem , upscale nail boutique with friendly professionals . corie did an awesome job on my mani/pedi !	1370
0	went to get hot dogs for dinner . service was fast . got 3 dogs and large frys . thing i can say is the `` hot dog '' itself could of been alot hotter , especially due to the fact they are in a `` warmer '' type compartment.. maybe we will try them another time . there 's not many hot dog places here in vegas ! business idea	1566
0	beautiful place , however the food very disappointing . the salad was not crisp . felt like it was expired . the beauty of the restaurant does not hold the same standards for the food . unfortunately	1204
1	i found my new favorite nail salon . everything you can ask for for a great experience is here . modern equipment , great ambience , and great detailed work . the massage chairs are heavenly . very satisfied customer ! will be returning .	1834
1	i live in the area and find only a hadnful of restarants in the area have both great food and resonable priced . the service was excellent as well ! i very much enjoyed torched marakel , buffalo tofu and a fresh slaw . the place was packed on a saturday and had a quick turn over at the bar . cocktails were excellent ( $ 14 ) so switched to soju afterwards . great for dinner but also perfect for a quick snack and drink before heading out for the evening . i 'll be back often .	688
1	you could make a whole day out of this which is awesome . beautiful gardens and i almost died when i got to the chinese garden . when i walked through the wall i thought i had instantly had been transported to china . keep note they have different things going on in the teahouse so maybe plan your visit around an event as i missed one i would 've enjoyed . we sat down in the teahouse and was shown how to do tea and had cookies with it for $ 10 and well worth it . japanese garden had a house full of kimono and impressive bonsai as well as many friendly koi in the pond . loved every second here	183
0	this starbucks is the most convent to go to on my way to work but wo n't be back . staff does n't know how to make drinks . 3 separate mornings i have gotten a carmel macchiato and paid for an extra shot and not gotten it . this morning my drink came with whip cream . when i mentioned it was strange the girl said that 's how they make them there . so many better locations do n't go here !	2358
1	really nice . accommodations are great . spa is nice but very small and limited ( think offices converted into treatment rooms ) . pool is nice . we pretty much really liked everything . my only complaint , and they know it , is they could be less aggressive when knocking on the door . one doorbell ring is more than enough !	2883
1	wow ! my order was ready before i got the money out of my wallet ! super fast ! ! ! the sandwich was pretty good , i like the shredded lettuce , somehow in my mind it makes the sandwich taste better , but that 's just my way of thinking whether it 's true or not . the place was clean and the restroom was clean too . good prices . i would return again if i needed a super fast food , quicker than mcd 's .	1475
1	a group of 6 of us treated to this hidden gem by one of my chinese associates who lives in this area . what a treat ! had the crispy duck ( christmas story , `` he 's looking at me '' ... lobster and lettuce wraps . truly authentic chinese cuisine ! i will be back ! ps : it is much larger and nicer than appears from outside .	338
1	amazing ! i do n't know what those haters were watching..but this show was sooo impressive .	2968
1	doctor cool was sent by our home warranty company , american home shield . they came out promptly the same day and identified our ac problem . the 2 techs , whose names i do n't recall , were professional and knowledgable . they even assisted with cutting off the ac locks and cages that the previous owner left on both ac units . i could n't ask for more from an ac company . i highly recommend them for their professionalism and customer service .	2776
0	worst experience . this guy left water marks all over the grill and paint . when i told him if he could take care of it he went to get the windex and sprayed it on the roof and on the paint . smh	3878
1	it 's kinda like a sushi version of chipotle but with better `` burrito '' wrapping skills . the fish is fresh and does n't taste fishy . would definitely eat here again .	470
0	i really wanted to love this place . there are so many great healthy options . unfortunately , there is no seasoning on any of the food . the burger my friend got was rare and the both of our fries were burnt , dry , and lacking salt . i hope they make some improvements .	1269
1	needed a tire replaced late on sunday ( today ) . was impressed with the team 's customer service enough to post this review . what stood out to me is that the team looked like they really enjoyed their work and working together . i always appreciate good customer service when i come across it .	2263
1	cafe rio has been a favorite spot of mine for a long while now . it 's a step above chipotle in my book and they have daily specials ( not sure about the weekends ) that are all pretty good and not as expensive as other items on the menu . the only downfall with this place is that if you 're not careful when you 're ordering you can end up dropping around 13 dollars for lunch . so yeah , do n't go overboard ordering sides and whatnot , the portions are all pretty damn big .	1365
0	ordered a salad for carry out and got the scraps from the salad bowl . nothing but stems and huge chunks of lettuce not as good as if i would of ordered it for dine in .	1519
0	everything about it is really `` small town '' - divey , dirty , interesting wait staff , cheap beer , and a very mixed crowd ... make sure you drink enough and bring your own party , and sing !	3164
0	the absolute nicest people , but short handed and disorganized . my last appointment , it was almost an hour before i got in . when i finally did , i had one person do the fill and another paint the nails . i heard them talking about how they opened and no techs showed up . the people that were there were so nice and apologized profusely , but i just do n't have two hours to sit in a nail salon .	1316
1	these guys constantly never disappoint the other two vapers and i go here all the time the gentlemen there always remember us when we go and are great about treating us like people and not like money walking in the door . though they dont do house juice tease guys are good about flavor choice and help with mod builds i have bought a lot of stuff from them i just bought two new tanks from them and they were the best suggestions based off pure description i this is my favorite place just based on the guys there	2568
1	definitely a hidden gem in the kammz area . i tried this place out when it first opened and was n't a huge fan , however i did give it a second chance and boy am i glad i did ! the decor is very modern and i really like the pictures of west park all over the walls- it feels like home . their sunday brunch and bloody mary bar was very refreshing . steak and eggs delicious as were the potato pancakes ! i ca n't wait to come back	1253
1	warner family practice is the best doctors office i have been to in over eight years . i was with another practice in ahwatukee which was terrible , long waits , bad management of diabetes and other chronic diseases . the doctors , nurses and front individuals are professional and awesome ! !	3349
0	the last two times i 've been to this cupcake shop my ooey gooey cupcakes have been a disappointment . both times , today and two weeks ago they were super dried out . i asked the guy behind the counter if they were fresh and he said yes . there is no way the one i had today was fresh ! it was at least a day old . at least . i used to come here all the time but now i 'm going to try another place . i really loved their cupcakes , too bad .	1125
0	i placed an order online . pick up in 10 to 20 minutes . 12 minutes later i arrive . 18 minutes later the owner comes walking up with two bags of ice . she asked if i placed an order online . i said yes . she just got the order . the place is still locked up . do i want to pick it up ? it has not been started . that was 18 minutes into a 10-20 minute order . no thanks .	1133
0	my stylist was chris.. i ask for longer at the front and shorter at the back.. what i got was same length hair front and back.. i also ask for bangs which also turn out terrible.. this guy did such a horrible job ! ! the back of my head , my hair is sticking out when i tie it up.. i will never come back again ! ! please everyone beware of this chris guy	3610
1	this is my favourite dive in the greater toronto area . hands down . great location . big patio . super cheap beer . cheap food . great service . what you see is what you get . i see reviews here criticizing the quality of the patio furniture . i see reviews complaining about the quality of the vietnamese beef noodle soup . seriously ? what did you expect ? java house is a place where you can get piss-drunk on a nice summer day without making a dent in your wallet . a horror movie is n't supposed to have good lighting .	2718
1	stayed here for several nights . picked la quinta because they truly are pet friendly . no extra charges . no hassles . and lots of poop bag dispensers .	1244
0	we went to the house of blues for dinner on june 12 . the the cobb salads we ordered were small , unflavorful , and expensive . management suggested we split their largest burger , a juicy lucy , to satisfy our appetite . we left the restaurant having paid nearly $ 50 for two side-sized , drab salads , and a near slider-sized double burger . we wo n't be eating at house of blues again .	1129
1	i loved my experience today ! thank you especially to kaylin for taking the time to answer my questions and give me honest feedback . she 's friendly , knowledgeable and enjoys fashion . you can even enlist her help if you want a makeover ( ahem , i do ! ) . she enjoys what she does , so if you do n't like to shop or if you need help ask for her . i certainly will return .	1446
1	josh helped me so much when i was rear-ended unexpectedly . he gave me frequent updates , corresponded with the rental company and the insurance company . he made this a much less stressful situation for me and i greatly appreciate it ! this is a great , reliable place . my car looks like nothing happened to it !	1926
0	unclean facility , poor management and awful customer service . many cardio machines are broken , several for years ! ! ! there are many other gyms in the madison area that actually care about their members . stay away ! ! !	3262
1	first time and and last time . i 'm a punk ! ! ! 22 and a 9 mag . my kind of date . the noise was a lot but my big ears got used to it ! ! ! thank god	3936
1	air conditioneer was a little loud . otherwise you ca n't beat this place . free happy hour . free buffet breakfast . free shuttle to the strip . a hidden gem .	3253
0	i have been experimenting with different yogurt shops around the valley , and came across this location . excited by the photographs and graphics of the website we decided to give it a try . unfortunately , the experience was n't as we had hoped . the exterior was filthy , half eaten yogurt containers on the ground , stains on the sidewalks , overflowing trashcans and dirty patio tables . the yogurt was unimpressive ... flavors were bland , ingredients scarce and some of the fruit mushy . crew member seemed uninterested in our business and bored . better luck next time !	885
0	this place is scary ! there 's a guy here doing his laundry and who 's been going crazy at everyone ( screaming , provoking fights , cussing , etc . ) and not one staff member has stepped up to kick him out . my first -- - and definitely last time coming here .	2722
0	thay . needy . to change the oil everything tasting bad i wish i could give a . 1/4 star . i do not think i will go back	144
1	its clean its fast its good food that wont break the bank : )	549
1	i 've only been here a couple of times with some friends . it 's pretty convenient along with the three other theaters within less of a mile . but i like it because it 's next to the tgif . it does feel kinda deserted . i feel like i hardly see the people that work here . other than that the movies are good and the seats are coo too .	2000
0	their website states the following , `` we offer both a child psychiatrist and adult psychiatrist , specializing in all aspects of the spectrum of psychiatry , including treating bipolar disorder and depression . '' however , they have no psychiatrist on staff . they have a psychiatric nurse practitioner that `` sees children as well '' according the lady that answered the phone . the worst part is that they did n't even tell me before asking me to make the appointment . i had to dig in order to find out who i was seeing .	2629
1	the kids love this place . mmini golf , a climbing slide play area , mechanical animal rides , video games and laser tag ... ..ick , we found a scorpion in the laser tag area ... .all else was great . i reccomend more for little kids , 3-8ish . my 10 year old got a little bored .	3791
1	i came here with family and we ordered many dishes . my favorite were the cheung fun rolls , peking duck wraps with foie gras , string beans , bang bang chicken wraps and mango almond pudding for dessert . i also tried three of their cocktails- manhattan , mojito and yuzu martini . my cousin had their sangria and looked pretty good with different types of fruits inside . great atmosphere and the kitchen bar seating looked like a cool spot if you come by yourself or with another person . the ambiance was upscale and cute . i believe susur lee 's wife designed the layout of the restaurant and definitely fitting with his twist on traditional chinese food .	1441
1	i can not say enough about dr deka and the staff at paradise valley ob . i switched over to their care a few years ago after a recommendation from a friend . this was the best decision i have made . they are so caring and make sure to go out of their way for your comfort . dr deka is so sweet and you feel like you are speaking with a close friend . thank you for providing my family with the best care .	1589
0	manager kelley pulled me out of a line that just opened because she said someone had been waiting longer . i was shocked . as i walked away to go to another cashier , she continued to talk to the other customer about getting in the line first . i questioned her about her odd choice of customer service and she played the `` i have no idea what you are talking about game . '' she was amused . i was not . kelly should get more customer service training . thankfully , the new cashier i went to was very kind and helpful . hopefully , the rest of the store does n't reflect the poor service displayed by kelly .	583
0	this used to be the best mexican food in town . the homemade chips were addicting . the staff in my office ordered delivery 3-4 days per week , every week for at least 6 months . we wo n't order again . they no longer include the homemade chips . now they serve stale cheap flavorless chips but charge the same price . we attempted to call the owner several times to ask about the change but nobody will answer the call .	1421
1	good chinese food fast & clean . =0 )	1342
1	definitely my new nail spot ! my friend angel recommended them to me , and now that i live in avondale i wanted to give them a try : ) i was very satisfied with the quality of their work , their nail polish selection , and the friendly service !	1829
1	really great place ! i love that they have many options for vegetarians . service is always really good too .	947
0	chili is cold dog food . vegetables are raw . waitress kept hiking her way too tight jeans up the whole time . overall garbage .	1491
0	i was excited to use an eyebrow voucher that was in my black friday $ 45 coupon book which i purchased . the spa and environment was wonderful unfortunately my waxer ended up burning my skin under my left eye . i attempted to contact the salon manager , allison and wasfinally able to speak to her about the incident . i felt she was defensive and tried to deflect blame of `` retin '' which i do n't use . she said she would talk to the waxer and get back to me ... hmmmm	2001
1	i 'm a montrealer and i always recommend this bar to visitors . it 's sure to please because of the location , terrace in the summer , and the two rooms ( house , and hip hop ) .	1282
0	the workers are rude never say thank you and slam the menus on the table . they also demand tips and will stare at you until you give it the food is still good for instance the egg i like it however they are in small portions so you will still be hungry sometimes there is hair in the food too which is not yummy ! ! the restaurant is clean and you can expect to spend around $ 10 here	1198
1	great coffee ( duh ) , and a very quick line . drag that you have to park and go in , but they are quick !	108
0	good food but the worst service ! i will never come back again . do not come ! we asked for napkins 3 times . they messed up our order everytime . the staff could care less .	408
0	we got pad thai as take out and it was like no pad that we have ever had ... and not in a good way . it was a mix tomato sauce and noddles and just very strange . i feel the menu should have at least explained how this was prepared since it is so different from any other pad thai . i called to see if we could return for a refund since we could n't tolerate more than one bite but we were not allowed . the menu should have photos or descriptions so you know what you are ordering .	594
1	a true church that preaches the bible as god 's word . i highly recommend .	3393
0	this review is not based on the show itself but on the fact that the box office manager would not permit us to purchase discounted student tickets despite having documented proof ( i.e . enrollment verification plus photo id ) . very disappointing and frustrating . spite kept us from purchasing tickets .	3022
0	if you want to repeat yourself five times and still get your ordered wrong , yes please by all means choose this location . i understand this job has to be really rough , but to get an attitude with your customers is probably not your best move .	844
0	as a loyal customer . i have to say that i will no longer be coming to this store . hannah ( blonde headed girl ) has a nasty nasty attitude . she rude and loud . if you purchase any animals here do you 're research and ask for marshall to help you ! he 's is by far the best and most knowledgeable ! stay away from the hannah 's !	1894
1	got a great cut and for 9 bucks , ca n't beat it !	33
0	awful . waited 40 minutes for a turkey club . expensive for the mediocre quality . everyone was polite , but there was no logic or system to their operation . orders would sit on the counter for several minutes while servers took more orders . if you have less than an hour for lunch , you 're going to be late . everyone around me waited about 20-30 minutes as well	820
0	i went to a yelp event here . maybe i am wrong , but i feel like for a yelp event a restaurant will bring its a game . apparently , savoy does n't feel the same . the bartenders were quick and friendly , but in the words of sarah s. `` well , it 's alcohol . '' drinks ... meh , nothing i would ever order again . food was actually pretty bad . : ( service took an hour to bring salads ... we actually got our food out of order . : ( luckily , yelp people are super fun and cool so it was n't a complete wash ...	714
1	i 've been donating for ten years , and this place is the best . friendly staff and clean environment .	1753
1	wow went the az state fair to hear weezer , and covered the whole perimeter of the fair before i found a shop that sold something that was n't deep fried -- i 'm pretty sure even the racing lemurs were wrapped in bacon . i found piggly 's and ordered the $ 12 bbq beef sandwich , which was awesome . about 3/4 lbs . of bbq beef with carmelized onions and cole slaw . so when you eat it a 2nd meal of beefy goodness escapes the toasted hogey bun onto the paper plate , and then you have to get a fork to finish it . i 'm definitely going to drive to the restaurant to check out their prime rib , etc .	144
0	this place was awful . i had a salmon roll and a tuna roll , which are pretty hard to mess up-and yet they did . the texture of the fish was horrible . you can tell that this restaurant 's chef has not been taught to cut fish properly . i also got a single piece of red snapper . i had to chew on this stringy piece of fish for several minutes . i ca n't believe people eat this . i also found a bone in my salmon . they truly do n't care about their work at all .	24
0	the wait and lines are terrible ! ! ! ! e v e r y s i n g l e time i come either the employees baggers or helpers stand around and pay zero attention to service ! ! !	2105
1	16 flavours and countless toppings . i 'm just happy this place is n't close to where i live or i would be 300 pounds . definitely worth the visit .	3729
0	i would have given 0 stars , if possible . this company is absolutely terrible . the service is extremely slow ( waited on line for 20 minutes ) and despite having a quote for $ 185 , the actual bill ended up being $ 450 ! there is 40 % tax apparently and they charged an extra day since we were 3 hours late on return , despite us telling them we 'd returning the car in the late afternoon . apparently 12 pm is the same as late afternoon . they basically screw you since you have no time to argue when you 're trying to catch a plane . will never use this company again . stay away ! !	3595
0	shitty ffin people i came to give my friend her i.d and they wo n't even let us in again	1966
1	i 've been to fs twice . martina was awesome . she gave me the haircut i showed her in a picture and gave me several hair tips . the staff was very courteous and attentive with all questions that i had .	3210
1	stopped by here for lunch on our way to a baseball tourney . the staff was very friendly and the location was super clean . sandwiches were made to order and were done promptly-even before we could sit down . portions were large ! i would highly recommend this place !	1475
1	i have eaten here for years and never had a bad roll . i love the screamin o its my favorite .	408
1	surprised at anger directed at the airline . my experience was smooth . nice staff , attentive to your needs and no grief at the gate . it is a bit annoying to have to pay for everything including water but i knew that before booking . will book with them again .	3127
0	after 2 months the pool deck drains are popping up and the deck surface itself scratches , mars and scuffs down to the white texture material very easily from normal use . i was able to get some touch up paint to do touch up and it 's slightly lighter then the original color so it does n't match . when i asked the work supervisor he said it would take 45 days to cure , it '' s now 2 months and no change . it is nothing like my old decking surface which was basically scratch and scuff resistant . if i were to do this over i would not use or recommend cdc pools .	659
0	very poor service , even though the restaurant was not busy . waited long stretched for our server , who did n't clear the plates on our table or come back for checks . it was the world cup , in a mexican restaurant with mexico playing and they kept turning the sound off the tv 's . mariachi was fun . food was meh and took a very long time . split our checks incorrectly and took a half hour to do so . mostly frustrated with the service .	190
1	best everything bagel ! ! just stopped in and ... wow they were great . good service and great bagels .	995
0	capital one is the absolute worst bank in the country . i called hundreds of times trying to get help with a dispute . agents do n't answer calls or ever return voicemail messages . they will transfer you all over the world . unbelievably they say they are mailing info-then faxing nothing ! stay away from this horrible company ! it 's impossible to get help and they never call when they say they will . it 's sickening . avoid this company !	3236
0	hm not quite sure if i went on a bad day..but my chicken was soooooo salty and therefore the poutine i ordered was salty as well because they put the same chicken on top . i couldnt finish it . the only thing i would give 5 stars to is their egg custard pies..they were delicious ! i went back later that day just for another .	1109
0	an extra large pizza was so small it barely fed my wife and i . also the pizza was bad .	425
0	had my son in classes here and they changed instructors with 0 notice i bought a bow from them that they recommended spent a few hundred bucks on it for my sons birthday they sold me a defective bow and when my son told me due to the fact that i know nothing about bows i tried to return it they wo n't help me out at all very bad company to work with the instructor is nice i must add	471
1	just purchased my puppy today . i had a great experience . will update my post later after my vet check up .	1894
0	i have been to this facility twice and i have n't had a good experience either time ... i scheduled a pedicure and they ran 30 minutes late so i decided to leave . it is not a very relaxing environment either . i tried them out again for an eyebrow wax and i told the lady not to trim or do the top of the eyebrow and she did both of these after clearly stating i did not want them done twice ... i will not be going back	2710
1	soooo delicious ! with all the burger joints in town , this one is in my top three favorites now ! we ate spicy burger and dog , the burger was juicy and flavorful , the dog spicy and different . it is worth the 30 minute trip for us to get there . a cute little place with games , great service and is clean .	964
1	a trendy happening spot with an art-deco décor . i frequented this new restaurant for happy hour and was very impressed with the service and menu ... caters to a more upscale 35+crowd , which i was cool with . i will be back to patronize this new business ! definitely worth a visit .	1331
0	antoine , antoine , antoine ... im happy that this place has gotten the face lift it needed in some theater rooms but this `` boy '' is a fool . worst `` manager '' i have ever dealt with and he is lucky his staff is nice because otherwise his theater would suffer . i mean that this business would suffer if they would replicate employees like skinny little antoine and had them work here . isnt it supposed to be the opposite and the manager should be an example of what u want from the team ? i am open to a more detailed discussion with upper management if u message me i will provide details and #	611
1	one friend had the gnochi in rose sauce . perfectly cooked , the gnocchi was soft to the bite that resisted once you got toward the middle , like biting the fat little toes of your favourite toddler . this dish is simple and delicious ; pillowy soft nuggets bathed in a rich tomato sauce of cream , butter and parmesan , the generous portion dares you to finish it in one go .	620
1	this place is awesome and clean . staff is real friendly . you can watch nfl while bowling . games are inexpensive . they got a sunday night special $ 14 a night .	3296
0	i ordered online through eat24 and never received my food . i called them and asked where it was and she said she would call the driver . i hear nothing for 30 minuets and then she calls me back and tells me the drivers phone died and could n't finish my delivery . she asked if i wanted them to re make my food and have it delivered like i have all the time in the world . very frustrating ! i did n't end up having time to eat before work .	459
1	best latte this seattle-ite has had in madison !	1807
0	great products & produce , outrageous prices . my local grocer sells honey crisp apples for 2.99/lb . this place - 5.99 . i 'd bet they were both from the ontario food terminal , same quality . this is just one small example of what i can only describe as highway robbery	2819
0	went here two weeks ago with the family , as we wanted to experience the lard burgers first hand . really , the burgers here are just okay and the fries are not good . coke in a bottle is nice , so they got that going for them . if you need to test belly room with triple or quadruple size burgers , go for it . believe i 'll head elsewhere for a good single .	75
1	my favorite store to go all the time good prices , good inventory . special savings with their coupons .	1615
1	vivi is awesome ! i love my nails every time i come here . they 're priced just right and are super friendly . i love that they do n't try to upsell you and are so courteous . nick is awesome on my pedicures and bob always hooks my moms nails up ! this is definitely my go to place !	744
1	cool place , nice staff , cold beer . not seedy at all ... kinda place you find regulars and out of towners riding 51 . give it a try .	319
0	this review is for the restaurant in the basement of the hotel . it is called bucci 's steak house . for a steakhouse , the menu is limited to one page , and well , there are only a few steaks . my business partner and i had dinner , both ordered the filet , medium rare , $ 40 a steak . both steaks were overcooked . they cooked us both new ones , mine was charred . at least they took it off the bill . selection was limited , service was mediocre at best . i wish i could give it less then one star . this is not near the quality of a real steak house . go elsewhere .	1786
0	this is a beautiful restaurant with an overpriced menu laden with garlic . if you do n't want garlic and if you do n't want to leave hungry after paying for a $ 40 lunch , go elsewhere . this was very disappointing .	951
0	i have been put on hold by a snappy lady and left on hold for 1 hour and 20 minutes . then i asked for the owner and she hung up . i called back to speak with th eowner robert who was very rude and hung up on me too . very unprofessional .	33
1	walked to this joint this afternoon and was delighted by a delicious coffee and coffee cake . this is just the kind of establishment the northside needs and i am glad to have stumbled upon it . the staff is courteous and the space is cozy and inviting . stop by here for coffee or breakfast next chance you get !	2504
0	after 10 hours in the desert waiting for towing partly aaa then to have a under the influence driver , almost crashing twice . he did n't know where he was going and my son had to tell him how to get to repair shop . he couldn't process his credit card and made him get cash . ripped him off to a towing charge of $ 405 . if i were you i would think again . to top it off bad mouth him to repair shop . so now i can not dispute the charge and out a lot of money . these people are awful ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	2931
1	a great used car dealership if you have poor credit ! excellent service , will work with you to find the right vehicle in your budget . would recommend to anyone else who felt like they would never get approved for a loan ! thanks guys !	3851
1	the most amazing and helpful employees i have ever experienced at any store ever ! i even got a little hand massage when trying their awesome lotion ! i had a spa experience ! they were soooooo nice and helpful at this store ! i did n't want to leave ! if i could leave more than 5 stars i would !	1765
1	typical denny 's . nice and attentive waitstaff . prime location outside of touristy area .	1504
1	after waiting too long for assistance , general manager brett found us and showed us exactly what we wanted for a new tablet . awesome service was worth waiting for .	3192
1	i have had the chance to work with head chef craig barbour on two occasions and i look forward to working with him in the future . his food truck served 300 people at a backyard party and served delicious and reasonably priced food efficiently to all the guests . i only heard compliments from those in attendance . i have also used craig for a private dinner for 4 people on new years eve . he took great care in providing a menu that met our desires , served food that was not only excellent , but prepared beautifully and was a pleasure to work with .	872
0	it 's a little below average . machines sometimes broke for over a week , and you deal with stuck up baller on budget people from southern highlands .	2919
1	you can ge mf fruit loops on ur mf hot dog ! think about that folks , just let that sink in	1407
1	this is my favorite coffee shop in madison . the coffee is stellar and the baristas are friendly . the shop itself is cozy and inviting with mismatched chairs and tables , and i love the art they hang on the walls . they sell some local artisan products , such as hand sewn aprons and things , which is yet another reason to love jph . great quality of food and drinks , you really ca n't go wrong with anything they 've got . i also love their story slams ! so much fun ! jph , you 're the best !	1175
0	worst service . nurses do not have basic skills of being able to communicate effectively .	1684
0	after my complaints they did take the drop fee off . they really should n't leave her so short handed that she had to go to get cars herself from the airport .	3887
0	i would give this place 0 stars if i could but one is the least you can do . once you pay for your storage the service sucks . they are really rude and treat people badly . my unit had a leak and some of my stuff was damaged and they never even fixed the leak . they refused to even refund any of the rent when my stuff was damaged because they did n't maintain the roof . awful .	3141
1	good food , authentic and plentiful . fair prices and excellent selection . a neighborhood favorite !	189
1	first time hear on a visit to toronto . restaurant was nice . our waitress was very good and the food was pretty good too . will definitely come back again .	163
0	an old bldg with torn up furniture ! came to tour for my father . i was disgusted with how badly they openly treat their staff which made me wonder how they would treat my father ! most of the pple there didnt seem very happy or friendly ! ! ! not a place i would even want to be at much less send my pops to ! the other facilities are a few miles out of the way but they seemed so much nicer and caring ! ! ! and they are inside a hospital unlike this dump ( promise ) .	2413
1	i 've never been happier with my nails ! if you are looking for acrylics ask for alex , you will not be disappointed .	3732
0	study area ? great ! quite busy so you need to grab your spot fast ! to get wifi you need to purchase something . quality of their drinks , i 've had their milk tea and it was good ! but , i drank the chocomint tea and it honestly tasted like medicine . green tea mango : i asked for cold and they gave me hot , so no biggie . but i tried it and it was n't as great either ... i sat in the hippie volkswagen tent , and the environment was nice , it 's just the quality of their drinks was n't what i expected .	2219
0	honestly , i have no clue how the store is . they 're closed even though their website says their hours today are open from 9am - 8pm . the door says they open at 10 and close at 6 pm . i 'm doubting their overall attention to detail . we called verizon and were told this location is not a 'real ' verizon store . the tech support guy in the phone from verizon stated that he would n't even consider going to one of these third party stores if he had an issue .	2166
0	they are always screwing up my order and sometimes the food is sloppy . but , the people are usually nice . i guess that 's a plus .	1162
1	got ta respect the dedication this man does . he was tired as hell just about to go home literally and still took care of me . he does a great job here . i recomend this business to everyone .	247
0	does anyone know where vanna went i called today and was told she is no longer there and they did n't know where she went .	655
1	i have been to this museum three times and i still do n't know what it 's about ... fashion ? history ? or fashion history ? anyway , each time i enjoyed this museum a lot . it 's small but features both permanent and special exhibits . the current special exhibit , italian fashion is full of fun .	3847
1	i heard from a friend that a new taco place recently opened at the corner of adelaide and portland , so decided to go try it out for dinner . no alcohol license or tacos al pastor yet . we tried most of their tacos , all of which were exquisitely spiced and simply delicious . the ceviche ( sea bass ) was fresh and served with lots of chips and generous helpings of avocado . i also recommend trying the agua de jamaica ( hibiscus tea ) , very refreshing ! prices were very reasonable and the service was impeccable . the seating is cozy and the large pastel coloured wall murals added to the comfortable ambiance , could a nice place for a date .	1469
0	seriously . i have been on hold trying to schedule an appt . for over 33 minutes now . i 've simultaneously been trying to book online and their system is so un user friendly that i ca n't get a confirmed appointment . i 've now tried 3 different location phone # 's only to be sent to voicemail on hold each time for over 30 minutes . i finally called a billing number to confirm that my insurance will pay for my procedure and guess where they transferred me to . . . you guessed it - scheduling . i 'm right back where i started . come on . this is ridiculous .	188
0	i placed an online order for 3 pairs of shoes which i could not find any place else . in fact , i was pleasantly surprised that they had these shoes available although there were limited colors and sizes . everything went smoothly placing the order but after 3 weeks i had n't received any shoes or notification from the company . i then went on-line and saw that my order was marked as 'cancelled . ' no notification , no nothing . at least my credit card was n't charged ... . and the shoes are still listed as available on the website .	2910
1	we visited during the super bowl . it was busy but we were seated immediately . food was good and came out in a timely manner . the tomato soup was really good . very creamy and rustic . bathroom is less to be desired . the waitress was very attentive . we had wings , calamari , the fried cheese is freakin awesome and it was all half off . super cheap during happy hour . will definitely be going again .	717
1	best vietnamese ever . outstanding service . owners even remember their regular customers names .	205
1	i have been going here for years , everyone is talented and does a great job . paula is awesome snd able to replicate any design i show her . my latest got so many compliments ! thank you paula !	2057
0	small , just small . no space on the floor to do non equipment workouts , closes early on weekends , not humid enough , i felt that painful cold air in my throat as i ran . not enough space in the free weights section ... maybe its because i 'm used to 24 hour fitness , but my workout did n't feel complete since i did n't get to relax my muscles in the sauna afterward .	2919
0	went in to view , told would be 5 minutes ... .. 20 minutes later we left ... was quite prepared to buy ( had cash ) ... . when got to car the female agent ran out and said she was ready for us now ... . left after i told her `` you lied ... said 5 minutes and now 20 ... you lie we do n't buy '' ... ..	3264
0	glad to get a response from alamo but there was no qc person to go over my car with me . there were only 4 cars being worked on at any time i was there so that is n't a good excuse as to why it took so long . i have been to car washes all over the country that employ less workers than your business that charge the same prices as you do and they are way superior in efficiency . so if you think you need to hire more apparently incompetent workers and want to threaten to raise your prices so be it . it does n't affect me because i wo n't be back .	2359
1	stopped in because we walk by every week and had never tried . do n't be fooled by the appearance . we ordered the dinner for two and everything was delicious ! when you say spicy they listen ! the peanut sauce for the fresh spring rolls is spot on . the shrimp stir fry and chicken curry did not disappoint . everything came out fast and fresh , we will definitely be back !	1439
1	a quick update on parallax ... .. first , it has easily lived up to it 's 5-star review after several repeat visits . this place remains on my short-list for favorite places to eat in cleveland . secondly , the walleye . we 've had walleye twice now , with 2 completely different seasonal preparations ( once a spring-time composition with leeks and rhubarb , and once a summer-latin composition with a creamed corn and spicy-pepper sauce ) a both times it 's been absolutely beautiful . if you want to taste the king of lake erie sportfish cooked to perfection , go to parallax .	487
1	not as good as steamwhistle pilsner . we had the flint of beers . enjoyed the white and amber the most . the munich ( specialty beer ) was interesting , but david did not like it . pumpkin was awful . what is it with all restaurants doing pumpkin flavors in the fall ? ? i 'm so over it ! !	670
1	went here with my indonesian spouse and we complexly enjoyed the meal.. all of the dishes were ordered were cooked to the standards we expect and were used to . we had the chicken satay appetizer with beef rendang along with chicken mango which was served with a slice of orange . if you are craving malaysian or indonesian food i highly recommend .	1425
0	lady waving me in spoke no english . guy asking why i was there , umfriendly . i felt like i wasnt important . told him i didnt have my glasses and he still handed me the comouter pad . sorry , didnt know the process . if he doesnt like his job then go elsewhere . edwaedo very nice and helpful .	3250
0	if i could give zero i would ! come to vegas harley n get a rude staff member locking the door in our face as our hands are on the door handle refusing to answer a simple question would only rudely aggressively point at the sign saying closing early for inventory ... .its 12:55pm seriously can you just imagine all the business you just shut out ... groups of people outside disappointed and probably wont ever return ... we had a simple question about renting a bike but nope got a door shut in our face instead what great customer service will never return nor recommend this location to anyone . thankfully eagle rider not to far away was more than accommodating !	3078
0	nice staff , but slow on the service . we were out to celebrate our first anniversary . we had our very first date in boulder city so my guy brought me here . i wanted a glass of sparkling wine , they were out . i ordered the chicken marsala , it was very bland no flavor . the wait staff never came back to refill my water . not sure if i 'd eat there again .	109
1	the foundation room at the house of blues is always polite bartenders ian and julie are superstars and julius the vip host is always cooperative polite and outstanding i highly recommend this place .	1129
1	totally relaxing . very thorough when they are not busy . schedule an appt in advance of course if you want to not wait . could be a little faster though .	2128
1	what a great apartment complex . have been here a few months and was invited to a wine & cheese social for apartment residents to get together . not only was the presentation , beverages and appetizers first class , everyone who came had a great time - met some other very nice residents and have met other friendly people who have pets on walks who live here . the staff was awesome , as always . if you have any questions or issues the staff is always right on top of it . nice environment to live at . thank you .	2992
1	great burgers ! super tasty very thin onion rings were my favorite side dish . the mac and cheese was creamy and delicious . the baked beans were also very good .	1046
1	amazing service . everyone is always so friendly here . they bring the good to you . they say goodbye and hello every time . the food is excellent everytime as well .	1494
0	this is to inform enterprise rental that i wont be renting there anymore . i was involved in a hit and run that was not my fault and usaa took care of it . but somehow the incompetent people at corporate in kansas city mo keep sending me letters for the bill . i 'm pissed off because some jerk hit me and took off in the first place and now because of people not doing homework and taking care of it instead of sending me letters for a bill i just have more trash to throw in the garbage . i doubt i will get a response if anyone even reads this	3024
1	needed a specialty cake for an engagement party ! it was pricey but it was fabulous ! ! ! ! ! ! everyone commented on the amazing flavor and design ! we did use their new location on lincoln dr in scottsdale . the cake , the filling and the icing were each outstanding in their own way & the cake was not that sicky sweet stuff you get from costco or grocer . it was very good !	1806
1	this place is great ! my mom was diagnosed with lymphoma six years ago , she needed a new clinic ... her doctor sent us here and we could n't be happier ! they called us and scheduled an appointment for her to see a lymphoma specialist ! dr. u is great ! super nice and very knowledgable ! the facility is beautiful and their boutique of hope is wonderful too !	2768
1	i really love their food ! there are n't very many great mediterranean restaurants in the southwest and everytime i eat there , which tends to be often since it 's across the street from work , the foods is always great ! big portions ! awesome taziki ! yum ! ! plus their staff is always very friendly .	860
1	amazing , clean and friendly services ! love the clean odorless smell and their selection of polishes ! i bring my niece in here all the time and we use the little kid pedicure chairs and get our feet done together , and get matching toe colors , definitely my to go place !	854
1	i actually prefer target over walmart . i can normally find what i am looking for . the reason for the 4 stars is b/c of there decision to support transgender bathrooms and there continual inability to carry the size of pants i need . overall a good store and i 'll continue to go to the store for items i do n't get at costco .	3355
0	this places employs people that prescribe medication for children that do not need it . and they do not get consent from both parents when both parents are required by a judge to give authorization for any treatment on my children . this place should be out of business .	1692
1	needing some food after a long day of drinking . just happen to pop into this place that was close to where we were staying . we ordered two pizzas and they were great . loved the feel of this ny pizzeria . prices were right and friendly staff . i am sure if in the area and wanting pizza i will be back .	328
1	i 've used wells fargo for my last two cars . the interest rates were great and i would do business with them again .	3272
1	my favorite mexican restaurant in town . they make the salsa fresh every day and it is absolutely amazing . they 're not stingy with it either . the food is absolutely top notch and so is the service ! the price is unbeatable especially considering the quality .	7
0	food did not taste fresh- my food did not have a great taste . we got the basil rolls needles and curry and it left a stale taste in our mouths .	50
1	i can honestly say daphne 's cupcakes are the best i 've ever had ! i 've also had some of their day old goods and they taste incredibly fresh as well .	2507
0	owch to the prices ! ! ! ! i hope this place closes and a normal bowling alley opens here because it is a great location . i added a star because the music and the music videos are fun at least . ps ... . replace your shoes every once in a while , bowlmor ! !	3296
0	took my sister to this location on june 6 , 2017 . they did n't have her glasses ready and broke her original frames that she turned in . it 's now september , i called the office and they claimed they had her glasses . ok , when we 're someone going to call her to pick it up ? ? the staff are confuse and no one claims to know anything . took her to pick up her glasses , finally ... the glasses did n't fit . waiting for over 30min and no one has yet to approach us to fix the issues . terrible customer service . will never recommend this location to anyone .	962
1	quite a charming place to dine ! think of paradise bakery ... but way better ! excellent house coffee . i look forward to visiting again : )	1387
0	i had very bad experience with great clips located at 19th ave and union hills in phoenix.. the barber is a old lady..knows nothing about haircuts and keeps talking and always does mistakes.. one time i had rash and burn in the neck after she cut my hair.. i was even getting alcohol smell and am sure she was drunk.. last week the same old lady removed some portion of my hair and then just said sorry.. every friend of mine noticed this..i think this old lady should be immediately removed from this job..	3565
1	had an amazing saturday in las vegas ! the party bus was soo much fun . `` guido the torpedo '' our party host was great ! he was on top of everthing he made sure we kept on schedule . guido had the best energy and pumped everyone up in our group . i highly recommend doing this party bus ! best way to party and let loose and experience vegas safely !	2122
1	just ordered a high cut bikini bottom from them online i am so excited for it to come . i am giving it 5 stars because their employer chris g. was amazing at helping me pick which size would best fit me as i live in california and have to estimate . he provided great service and answered all my questions quickly . i will be updating pics of purchase when it arrives . overall good online service and easy check out . not to mention i got 15 % off as a first time buyer and recieved another coupon just for purchasing !	2661
1	scrubs came to my house for a pre-holiday clean and they were like a cleaning tornado . 4 friendly women went straight o work and scrubbed until it all shined ! i am incredibly hard to please , but they did . i will be using them regularly now . they did n't mind working around my dogs and even were considerate of the dogs fear of the vacuum . ca n't recommend enough .	3257
1	rented a luxury car for 5 days for less than $ 300 . they did n't have a luxury so they upgraded me to luxury elite at no extra cost . picking up the car took 5 minutes and when i dropped it off it took 2 minutes . staff was very friendly , highly recommended !	3024
1	gave jade another shot tonight , this time for take out only , and let me tell you , the food stands on its own . really good . if they can address the clumsy service this place has a chance . well played , jade !	489
0	i wo n't be coming back here again . there were people talking and on there phones to the point where me saying something to one or two people would be pointless , it was at least 10 phones out , and people literally talking at room level volume , i am mad i paid 16 $ for such a bad experience and i will be sure to let my friends know what type of service to expect here .	3063
1	i love this store . i can just spend hours walking around getting ideas of things to either update or change around my house . all of the sales associates are very helpful and knowledgeable . sometimes it 's hard to find someone to help you because they are busy helping other customers . they even cut keys that actually work .	124
0	we went there on our last full day in vegas and were n't too impressed . if you 'd like to be rekindled with soda that came in bottles back in the day , then this store would be for you . i was hoping to come across some novelty candies from the 70 's or so , but their selection of candies was sparse to say the least . needless to say , we left empty handed ... ... ... ... ...	1986
1	as much as i hate going to the dentist , i had a great experience coming here . the employees were all very friendly and accommodating , and the entire process was fast and easy . i had a few questions in regards to financing my treatment , and the office manager chris was friendly and able to thoroughly address all of my concerns . i will definitely be telling my friends and family i have found a new and trustworthy dental office ! thank you guys for taking great care of me : )	3292
1	i love ulta ! they send you coupons , it 's very reasonably priced , they have all kkinds of good stuff . if you do n't watch the time , you could be there for hours . they also have hair products , and perfumes as well .	2479
0	toronto 's ny times square copycat but not as good . i never really feel safe at yonge-dundas square and try to walk/run through it as quickly as possible . there 's usually about 3-4 individual people carrying signs and ranting about politics/religion on a loudspeaker on each side of the walk-anywhere crossing . just keep your head down , do n't make eye contact and stride on through ...	1012
1	this place is legit ! their food is so good and authentic . the location kind of stinks ( only because we 've seen the restaurant change hands often throughout the years ) , but i hope they last . good , good food !	1330
1	the service desk was friendly and the room was really clean . wi-fi was great and fast , breakfast was good !	1195
1	this is my third trip in two weeks because the first trip i had the meatloaf entrée and now i 'm addicted . i might need a 12 step program to break my habit ! this place has a dive bar motif with really good food . i 'm hoping to go through the menu but i need a few weeks ( or months ) to get sick of ordering the same thing over and over . i ordered a beer with my food and it comes in a nice cold glass , excellent !	717
1	this is a great mix of asian flavors from malaysian , chinese , and japanese . everything if fresh and flavorful . the staff is very accommodating and friendly . our group never had to wait for anything . the dishes that came out of the kitchen looked amazing from the mango chicken , the curry chicken , the seaweed salad , the appetizers i ca n't pronounce , and the curry chicken . one of the people at our table had the salmon and shrimp from the habachi grill which looked the best and tasted fantastic from what i heard . i think if you come out of here disappointed , you must be too picky !	961
0	do n't get them to do a roofing job done for you . it took three months to do mine . time , expense , trouble heartache was what we hot . they hired people that had to be required to do certain areas correctly .	124
1	after my last review and email to them , i got a call from the managing partner and a letter . that was a first and i was impressed . i 'm happy to report that we finally went back to this location just this past tuesday ( nov 3 ) and what a difference ! we went as soon as they opened at 4 . we ordered the same thing and everything was perfect ! we had an excellent waitress . joselynn ( hope i spelled that right ) now only was extremely friendly , but very attentive . place was clean and everyone was working as expected . will gladly go back .	1491
0	celebrated by besties bachelorette party here . i had requested a limo but was picked up in a party bus instead : / no music , no fun . when we got to the venue our seating arrangement was n't the most comfortable one either . but once i bickered with the manager we got a few comfortable seats and were able to enjoy ourselves . girls ... you have to try this place . it was fun !	5
0	absolutely the longest wait for service i 've ever had to wait for , over an hour for a drink of wast d time . please get some more or faster workers - paid a lot of money for the concert and ca n't get a drink	2187
0	better pad thai at food court . too sweet , no veggies other than bean sprouts . wo n't be back .	801
1	great tint job on my 2010 toyota avalon & my 1999 mit galant	1121
1	been going here for 3 years and have never received a bad haircut ! you can completely change your style and they will still get it just the way you like ! 100 % my favorite haircut place ! !	457
1	one of the best pizza delivery restaurants in the saint-laurent area .	400
0	they have untrained people painting nails in this place . i have been happy one out of the three times i went . they also guilt you into tipping . i am done going to this salon .	1783
1	seriously , this place is so good . the food ? so good . the bar ? so good . the service ? so good . the vibe ? so , so good . the music ? the community involvement ? the special events ( trivia night ! science night ! ) ? so , so , so good . happy dog is that perfect mix of neighborhood standby , dive bar , trendy hot spot and casual hang out .	1407
0	the worst experience in customer service ! call and wait for 24 minutes to be transferred to the scottsdale location . the csr there advised my order was at the mailing facility and i needed to be transferred again ! ! ! ! i ask her to warm transfer me and she tells me she cant . working for 5 years in customer service myself i know better . so i ask to speak to her supervisor and she places me on hold and 2 seconds later hangs up on me ! ! ! ! ! ! so here i am waiting another 30 minutes to go through the same bs ! worst pharmacy in business !	3283
0	very rude employee ! would never consider coming to this establishment for a tattoo or piercing . terrible just flat out terrible : (	2895
0	i agree with everyone else that has said their customer service is basically nonexistent . it 's a miracle if you can a clerk anywhere in the store besides at the cutting table or the lone clerk at the register and when you do ask a question they look at you like you are speaking and a foreign-language . i 've been told , `` no we do n't have that , '' and then have come upon exactly what i asked about ... ... .. who 's monitoring these stores ? ? ? ? ? ?	3876
1	very nice people and they really care for the animal and really helpful . they keep me update on how my dog is . you can talk to the doc and call then and they really follow up .	3030
0	i was there recently getting highlights . i did n't get a trim-just highlights , a wash , blow dry . soooo pricey . oh-and i drank the coffee they offered me . they clearly charge you for every little thing . i was shocked and i 'm coming from nyc . too much for what i received honestly . the reception area is a mess and the person waiting on me at the cash was very rude . not impressed at all . wo n't go back .	3901
0	ok definitely the worst restaurant i have been to in scottsdale ! ! ! the service is slow ! ! ! ! they messed up every single item we ordered . the restaurant had a terrible draft and the food was mediocre . i would never ever go here again ! many better options for mediterranean food in scottsdale . a definite add to the must miss list . blech .	185
0	on vacation , excited to get a rental and get going , over an hour and a half wait for a car . 4 attendants moving 1 customer every 15-20 minutes each . unreal ! ! ! go to another company , everyone has a reservation and it 's still pathetically slow .	3129
0	i attended this church for years under the old pastor , and stayed for a year under the new pastor pastor greg . it is a very welcoming church and i love the community outreach they do . i will say one of the biggest reasons we left was the pastor preaching hate against gay people . saying how `` disgusting '' they were etc . ca n't support anyplace using their position to preach and spread hate	3167
1	we took our kitten here to get declawed and the experience was amazing . helen evans was our vet , she took the time to discuss everything with us , and genuinely cared about taking care of sparta ( our kitten ) . we chose to have her boarded after the procedure over the weekend ( we have three other cats so easier option ) and they took amazing care of her . the whole staff knew her , and told us what a joy it was to have her . if you are looking for a vet , we would highly recommend this clinic ! ! ! ! ! it was also one of the few clinics that offered laser declaw .	1584
0	thank you for the response on yelp at this point it has been one year since i have referred a client to you he did not want to pay for more laser resurfacing due to his office visit the day of the procedure i have contacted your office i as well will not return to this businesses due to the botched job i received from the doctor .	557
0	$ 7.59 for an unsatisfying , not thick chocolate milkshake ... i do n't think so . it tastes like they put half a scoop of ice cream and 2 cups of milk . high price + low-quality equals horrible . drinks come in only one size to force you to buy the expensive one . the ben & jerry 's name no longer carries value in the retail space . mcdonald 's has a better tasting chocolate shake than b & j . if you want to waste your money come here .	2385
0	you know that scene in steel magnolias , when shelby gets her hair cut , and then bursts into tears when she sees it ? that 's how i felt after i got my hair cut here .	2169
0	we went this club to watch the fix ( band from dc ) ..it was cool that the club had the whole 80 's 90 's theme..i agree with all the other reviews tho , the bathroom smelled horrible ! like a truckstop bathroom . other than that , the sound was awesome and we enjoyed the show .	677
0	pre-paid for a car , flight arrived on-time ( maybe a little early ) , waited 50 minutes for the shuttle to show up , they finally came , the lady got out , said they had no cars , laughed , and drove off . yes , laughed ! ! so i 'm standing there at 11:10 pm , a hour drive ahead of me , and no car . i did not find that funny ! i suggest paying a few more bucks and go to a real rental car agency .	1905
0	do not waste your coin on this place ! the food is very bland , ordered garlic baby bok choy ... ..no garlic , shrimp lo mein no flavor , mancho beef was ok all you taste is the heat . egg roll was good , spring roll ok. do not waste your money head down to . rol san spadina and college	649
0	this shop sold me batteries with a over priced mod . those batteries blew up inside the mod leaking acid into the mod . i go to the shop and they tell me the mod is fried and useless ! they even said that they would never use those batteries themselves ! like wtf why are you distributing them ? they wo n't use them themselves and they wo n't refund or exchange anything !	2568
1	excellent food . try the sicilian pizza . it is terrific ! we were in from out of town and looking for good pizza and found it . grace was super nice .	1307
0	went out of my way to get paint at this store because my carpenter told me to buy here and get a specific type of paint . after buying 300 dollars worth of paint and having it sprayed on , i found the paint was the wrong color . they made no attempt to help in the suituation . i basically spent triple the amount of money on this paint only to have them point fingers at the carpenter . i 'll go elsewhere next time and so should my carpenter .	23
1	i had the brownie and something with elderflower in it and i could n't have anticipated the explosion of flavor in my mouth . the waitress was nice on a next level and did all she could to make sure me and my friend were taken care of . my new favorite spot .	2410
1	i love this place ! i come in at least 5 days a week ! i do their hot yoga , i am down 12 pounds in 8 weeks ! the staff is awesome , and very professional ! i recommend planet beach to all my friends ! come check it out ! you wo n't be disappointed !	1585
0	my daughter and i went for pedicures and were told to come back in 30 minutes so they could get more technicians . i got the spa package with the suger scrub and it was basically put on and then rinsed off . the massage was also super rushed . the female owner is not very friendly . we really liked this place better when it was china nail .	2886
1	i randomly spent my 30th birthday there on accident because my friend left his credit card there the night before . and we had such a blast ! it was so much fun ! i loved that they all switched off , and they all had great voices ! krystal was amazing ! every time i go to vegas , i now always want to stop there ! ! ! !	3326
1	this gym is so challenging and i 'm the best way . the coaches and staff are all very friendly and encouraging . you will love the group fitness setting especially if you are competitive . at first i was nervous that since everyone 's name is displayed , i would feel insecure , however , everyone is so focused on getting their own best workout , you soon realize the competition you are feeling is with yourself and past performances . the gym never gives you a chance to get in a rut and is alway challenging different muscle groups and fitness skills ( endurance , strength , and power ) . definitely give orangetheory a try !	1773
1	absolutely fantastic experience ! the sights , smells , and sounds were so realistic . would definitely do it again . shout out to bailey ! !	1391
0	limited beer options and a fast food quality menu . i left disappointed and do n't plan to return .	428
0	this location is filthy woman locker room and stalls . to let paper on the ground , feminine items not in the trash . this was n't the reason of canceling my membership tho.. no reason asking me why , just pulled up my account rob okay it quickly after coming back from a break . no real fight why i wanted the cancellation , no offers to lower membership , how can be better service to you . as a representative for a company in sales , i i would have asked reasons , what could we do better , was n't interested at all . printed my sheet off computer , on my way .	1802
0	i hate this place , do n't know why i ever came back in here . the service is always horrible , the dj sucks and the people are rude .	2860
1	candy marrufo was exceptional . candy went above and beyond when working on my case and worked with my crazy busy schedule . she was extremely honest with her process of things and genuinely fought for what was in my best interest . my career or the chances of me persuing an additional degree would have been in jeopardy if it was n't for candy . everything turned out to be a total success because of her perseverance . i am a satisfied client and i am so thankful to have her as my attorney .	2391
0	this is a nail salon in scottsdale and i 've heard awesome things . i have had my nails for two days and they are cracked and ruined . not pleased . i do n't believe i will be going back .	2434
1	though i do n't have many places which i liked during my stay in cleveland but this was an exception . visited this restaurant during extreme cold and to get better food as downtown does not have good options . located in an industrial area this is probably the only restaurant in the area . the place itself is very spacious and had ample seating available for patrons . after my initial visit i came here a couple of times . my favorites here are the pho and chicken cabbage salad . the pho broth is so good i can eat it all day along , definitely a must visit place when craving some good authentic pho .	784
0	i came here all throughout college because they have so many electrical outlets ! ! awesome ! i stopped coming because its slow , expensive and the baristas suck . i 'll never go there again hahahha . but thanks for serving my electrical needs !	2163
0	jason , i did that and they blew me off.they stated that they were not responsible.verve also blew me off.so your post is worthless .	3576
1	a little bit of this , a little of that . they have a good selection of a range of fabrics , their painting , woodworking and floral departments seemed on par for most , but their premade ( boxes , paintings ) were small and framing department i did n't see at all . the jewelry section also seemed small , two short rows . but it seemed well organized if not a little cramped , and the cutting counter was on the ball on a sunday afternoon of a sale weekend .	835
0	horrible service . really horrible service . i was told to come in twice . they are 35 minutes away from me and both times they had n't worked out my insurance . i called 4 times to follow up and each time they had no record of speaking with me . a week later i am having my prescriptions transferred to another avella location . we 'll see this is an overall avella issue or just the scottsdale location . i do n't appreciate my time being wasted , and it would have been nice to have received an apology over the phone . i will not be doing business with the avella in scottsdale in the future .	3283
1	thomas and megan were awesome ! they took care of us , explained everything thoroughly and it was one of the best buying experience we 've ever had . thomas was very knowledgeable about the products and their benefits and features to guide us through the buying process . the information he provided us helped us make the best decisions for our purchases . we would highly recommend him to friends and family . thank you so much ! megan was great to work with as well we felt very welcome and taken care of in her store . thank you again ! ! if you go to this store definitely ask for thomas	1442
1	although there were n't many choices , the sliders and sandwiches tasted really good . but the dishes were served very slow . we had a very good time playing bowling there .	742
1	good boba drinks . very friendly staff . the only sugar free drink is the black or green tea . wish there were choices for low sugar boba drinks . love boba tea .	490
1	love everything about harkins no matter the location . the great customer service is always consistent .	2524
0	well , it sure is off putting when you walk in and the girl behind the register is munching loudly on a bag of chips ... .so obnoxious . a friend of mine and i stopped in here yesterday because she was looking for a swimsuit . i looked around and did n't see anything too interesting . i was surprised at how busy this store gets ! while i was waiting for my friend ( in the dressing room ) it seemed like a swarm of people decided to come in and buy sporting goods . i ca n't say that i would come back here if i needed something .	1050
0	found this place from groupon but tried contacting them but no luck ! i 'm assuming that either they are no longer in business or they are just a very unreliable company ! i will be very careful with these guys ! shady ! i 'll just give the business to someone else !	2888
0	the manager is a witch ! she is out right rude to every customer that comes in . she obviously does n't want to be there and makes you feel like an inconvenience for coming in . i had another stylist this time ( shea ) and she was super sweet and did a great job but overall the whole time i was there i felt unwelcome and uncomfortable . the manager is the older , rough looking , mexican lady with the bull ring nose piercing . i 'd go to another salon or location in the future .	3625
1	i ordered a garage door remote from them online . i received it in a few days , i programmed it and it works fine . the price was very good . much lower than amazon and others . i would order from them again . i was also pleased that it included a sheet with 2 suggestions on how to get a better range with the remote - thought that was cool . i see many negative reviews - i ca n't respond to these , but i acknowledge that garage door openers are poorly documented and getting the correct remote is difficult . i had one failed attempt prior to ordering from north shore but i do n't blame the supplier .	3470
0	not really worth $ 12/person . there 's basically a play kitchen and a water room . will not come back .	2969
1	ignite is an open area bar at the end of the casino and a great place to sit and rest while playing . while i did n't see any servers approaching the small sitting area , the bartenders did a good job at keeping the crowds pleased . while i do n't see this bar as being a spot were people would really stay longer than it would take to have a drink or two , it is a nice landing spot when on the casino floor .	2634
1	what a great place . clean . polite . good value . they are getting busier so do n't expect to have walk-in appts available .	3338
0	though the service was great , the food hot , and the coffee bottomless , i still considered mickeys to be a disappointing breakfast because i felt their food just lacked flavor . i went for the salmon hash and think there was 1-1.5 ounces of salmon to go along with all the unseasoned potatoes . just not very much balance or texture differences to standout enough . again , the place has a cool retro feel , folks are nice , prices are n't bad -- but i wo n't be back because the food just does n't do much for me .	975
1	dr. deb is a great dermatologist ! this place is very nice and the staff is very professional . had a great experience for it being my first time . this place is nicer than all the other derm offices i had been to in the past .	3598
0	cafeteria quality food and subpar service . manager was quite rude when the server made a mistake on our order ... .. their coffee drinks are delicious but it did n't make up for the rest .	364
0	i loved some of the clothes upstairs , but this store offers the rudest customer service i have ever experienced anywhere . it inspired me do more research about canada goose as a company so now , when i look at someone who is wearing one , all i can see is a bloody gutted coyote that was left to suffer and die slowly and painfully in a cruel leg trap wrapped around their face and geese having their feathers ripped out of their skin . horrible !	3317
1	good prices , great place to pick up my vitamins which i take faithfully every day . the sam 's brand , is quality stuff , just as good compared to gnc and prices are better here . i like looking around especially with the change in seasons , they put out new stuff and it 's fun to see what 's new . prices are good , but you might not need 3 boxes of brownie mix , so be ware , you can over spend , and over buy . if you have the shelf space , then no problem , right ?	2469
0	we love the 2 items we purchased , a sectional and a love seat . delivery was on time too . however , i 've been trying since july to get an issue fixed and ca n't get anyone to follow through . we purchased at the mesa store , which is now closed . i get the run-around from the phoenix store by phone and no response by email . i would n't recommend the store simply because their follow-up customer service is terrible .	1710
1	dr. brooker is by the far the most knowledgeable eye doctor is las vegas . his caring nature and attention detail are just a few things that make him top notch . the staff is very friendly . would give more than 5 stars if possible .	2811
1	always have great service from driving up , to going to the register , to driving off in a clean truck . everyone is always pleasant . they have a nice `` all you can wash '' package that pays for itself in two washes . i would recommend cobblestone for sure . oh ya you get free popcorn when you get your vehicle washed .	127
1	i do n't care that they moved . it 's such a better place though . this is a real step up & it is amazing ! khianna is the only person to wax me . i wo n't do anywhere else . i keep to my word ... .still going to her and going strong .	196
0	went here to inquire about printing one sheet of a document and was told 2.75 cents . i was told it cost 2.75 to access the system . what system ? the internet lol ripoff	1878
0	i 've sold to half price books a few times now and each time they never give you a fair deal for what you sell them they are no better then selling to a pawn shop .	836
1	this place totally saved me . i broke a unique fitting that plumbed my hot water dispenser . i searched lowe 's , home depot , ferguson , and could not find anything close . i was referred to lvqw and made the drive late on friday . they were outstanding ! polite , knowledgeable , and genuine employees went out of their way to fashion a fitting that would replace the one i broke ! these folks have everything you need for anything water softener , purifier , or under counter filtration related !	2558
1	did a scuba refresher course tonight . good classroom talk and then a nice long time in the pool practicing skills . had a fun time and had good equipment and facilities .	2109
0	starbuck 's is usually very inviting ! ! today , audrey , made our visit quite frustrating when she would n't cooperate in describing our drinks . afterall , there were 5 of us . please teach some of ur employees about proper etiquette & hospitality ! afterall , is n't that it 's all about ? being a successful business and all . # unsatisfiedcustomer	2206
0	had dinner with my wife there last week . excellent ambience at new restaurant , very good service , but the food was mediocre at best , no flavor , definitely missing something . had three different chicken selections ( 2 tapas ) as well as as chicken fried rice . chicken was sliced and appeared to be boiled before being made into dinner , not good . sorry , but not coming back . really wanted to love it .	602
1	great happy hour , nice clean establishment and very friendly staff . will come again ! ! !	2021
0	vacuum hoses are too short . when the bays are full , you ca n't vacuum out your whole car with the right side vacuum . unless your neighbor is willing to share ( which mine was not ) , it 's impossible to vacuum the passenger side of your car .	2821
1	my husband and i recently stayed here for three nights in february . room was very clean , a bit dated/worn carpet etc , but clean . bed was very comfortable . we appreciated all of the extra amenities , especially the little walking trail , the pool , and the poolside grill . staff was very friendly and helpful . we also had 2 massages at the spa which were great as well . it 's a low key place , needs some updating , but for the price it has good value and the location is great . if you are looking to save some money and want a spacious room in scottsdale , this is a great option !	2883
1	i was looking for a relaxing place to celebrate my birthday over the weekend , a place where my kids could swim while the adults had some drinks by the pool , and this was totally it . it was perfect . we got a 2 bedroom villa for a pretty good rate , and then just hung out by the pool all day and ubered to a bar at night . all the staff members we talked to were nice , and i liked that the pool was n't packed with little kids or college kids so we could just relax without feeling like sardines in the pool . we could n't have picked a better spot , and we 'll be back for sure !	2883
1	food is excellent , the cebuchon is delicious plus to add the the good food are the friendly staff and the owner very accommodating	658
1	my stylist has switched salons ... . for as much as i love ladies and gents , i will be following jessie to edge in willowby .	3524
0	i feel like when you go to the dmv , the one thing that will determine if you 're leaving with a license , is the attendant that serves you . unfortunately for me , i had the pleasure of dealing with the most unpleasant , rude , miserable attendant . penndot makes it so difficult to get a license with all this documentation and that verification , the least they can do is hire people who want to be there and know the value of customer service . i always feel defeated when i leave the dmv .	2408
0	the food has no flavour . just basic salt and pepper . i would not eat here again . have been to the restaurant 5 times .	89
0	i just started getting my nails done at this salon . the first visit went really well nails did n't last as long as others but i decided to give them a second chance . second visit a nail chipped after 3 days went to get it fixed btw they guarantee they will last 2'weeks . as he finishes up fixing the nail he tells me that this time no charge next time we charge ! i wo n't be returning !	3842
0	looks like all of the good reviews have gone to their head at this place ! jason and ryan came out last fall and did a wonderful job pruning , etc . called them to come back this spring and no response after first call . after second call , i was told they could only come on a monday . i work mondays , and left a message what days would work for me . never heard back from them ! after 3 calls , nothing . very unreliable and unaccommodating..	2139
1	these wonderful people saved my hair . if you want to go to a regis salon , i highly recommend this one over any other . everyone is so friendly and inviting . they really know what they 're doing and they take time to find out what you want . i had a great experience and am very happy with the result .	2963
0	if you want your car jacked up . come to this holiday inn we 're is the security guard . sleeping on the job . feels like compton or watts . thank you holiday inn .	3832
1	fun souvenir from vegas ! i got the kim kardashian sucker stem and the green apple sucker . i am going to be staying at the paris next week so i will try another flavor . fun but pricey little suckers !	2021
0	this place is tasty but you will wait an excessive amount of time for your order . the restaurant is managed by high schoolers / early college age staff . they are experts at quoting inaccurate times as well as being generally rude to customers . you would expect fine customer service at the biltmore but unfortunately whoever owns this establishment takes no pride in customer service or their staff .	1011
0	after reading the review from the zarina i want to give them a try . my experience from them is try to rip us off from $ 20 to $ 35 , cold water , the owner is on the phone all the time while giving us the service . i wo n't recommend anyone to come here .	735
0	god damn their burgers are dry . their hot dogs and fries were just bland . there are way better burgers and fries elsewhere in montreal . hell.. walk to five guys on the same street . the only positive thing about this place is that it 's open late and right next to a strip club . it belongs on crescent street with the rest of the tourist trap places .	1280
0	make that minus one star . even worse than the food is the lame manager . whoever owns this particular village inn , or if it 's company owned , needs to get their butts in there and make some drastic changes . hopefully this will be called to their attention , sooner rather than later .	672
0	ok.. so let 's start with walking in . there was trash on the floor and i almost turned around . but urged by my husband..we walked in . out of the bread i wanted , no pepper jack cheese , no olives . and here it is the middle of the day . seriously.. your just out like out ? do n't you make bread all day ? ca n't you thaw cheese ? and to top it off the cashier threw the receipt at my husband . not cool . i 'll never go back . and i 'd love to speak to the manager !	216
0	the grooming service here has been terrible twice . our first groom was great but after that , the groomer completely disregarded what we asked for and chose their own haircut . our puppy came home looking like an ant eater with a full body of hair and a completely shaved snout , head , and ears . the groomers here are untrained and unprofessional . we should have never paid for the cut and i would never take any pet here for grooming ever again .	1864
1	this place definitely deserve more than 3 stars . we started with the shrimp and pork rolls . they were large and very good . the peanut dipping sauce was very good , too . my wife got the chicken pho and i got the rare breed and tripe . both were very good . the broth was tasty and full of umami . the vietnamese coffee was great , too . the service was fast and friendly .	784
1	7/12/14 @ 12:15 had lunch here ! everyone & everything was on point . i 've had so many bad experiences at mc donalds but for these guys i decided to make a yelp account just for this ! chicken nuggets and fries were perfectly crispy and the whole drive through crew was amazingly nice and they got our order right which is a gigantic plus in my book . thanks for making our stay in vegas even better ! going again today ! hehehe	904
1	lyle removed 6 very large maple trees from our property . all six were in close proximity to our home and required great expertise to take down . lyle took them down with care , ground the stumps and left the lawn without any damage . i recommend lyle to anyone who is looking for professional tree removal . he is excellent .	2766
1	i walked in on a saturday and was almost overwhelmed with the number of people waiting to get their nails done . it was my graduation and i was n't going to let that stop me from getting pretty nails . i was surprised that i only waited 20 minutes . i loved how comfortable the chairs were with the massage settings and the aromas used in the water . the staff was very friendly . the basic spa pedicure is only $ 20 and she added a few rhinestones and flowers on my big toes for only $ 5 more . they looked so amazing . i definitely recommend this place .	2297
0	i bought 20 times classes and only be able to use up 5 times because it 's very hard to book a class online , it 's always fully booked . and the schedule for beginner class is very limited . i think only the people who 're not working during day will be able to sign up the class there . not recommend at all .	3440
1	this is good food . flavored naans are well flavored . the chicken makhani and lamb tikaa were excellent , and distinitctly flavored . some places seem to use the same spices in everything . not this place . they have an extensive wine list . the service was wonderful .	1497
0	such a horrible experience . first they deplane us because they have a flat tire then again because their engine does n't work . get your shit together and make some planes that can actually run . no wonder it 's so cheap..their planes do n't work	3127
0	this place is not good . one of the worst pizza places - worse than frozen , worse than peter piper . generic crust with no flavor . actually everything is pretty generic and bland . one of the worst i have ever had . also there is no indoor seating . it is just a delivery/ take out place which wasnt clear on the site . for good pizza try setabello ( restaurant ) or alexanders on tropicana ( just delivery/take out but tasty )	1399
0	this place is a total ripoff . my manifold gasket needed to be replaced . they quoted me 1600.00 . when i told the service technician i would shop around , he popped an attitude . i shopped around and got it done for 1000.00 ! along with other minor work . when i went in for an oil change , it was supposed to be 49.00. turned out to be over 150.00 . they lost my business .	2711
1	the lunch specials are a really good deal . $ 6.95 for a nice selection of pad thais , curries and other meats and vegetable dishes . plus it includes rice , soup and a spring roll . chicken pad thai is awesome and so is the red curry . mongolian beef was nothing special but the curry and pad thai is more than enough to keep coming back .	826
1	such a beautiful baseball field and comfy seats . lots of parking available and signs clearly posted if you 're in a foul ball zone . i love their score board and how clean everything is .	330
1	this one 's always super busy and hence , the shelves are not always stocked well enough to accommodate the volume of customers . that 's about my only complaint . other than that , i always shop here before walmart because they are closer and pretty much seem to have what i need . i prefer the flamingo/215 store though !	583
1	oh my gosh ! what a great time ! ! ! this show has me smiling and laughing with my friend the entire time . i loved every part of it ! so interactive and fun to watch . the guys are all beautiful looking . and you can pay $ 20 at the end to take a picture with them . totally worth it . phones are only allowed at one point of the show so you have to disconnect and enjoy yourself .	2149
0	took my computer in for a battery replacement and the computer would n't boot up after they looked at it . for $ 150 they would repair the software . wo n't let them go near any of my electronics again .	607
1	it 's a good place . i admire that regardless that they are never very busy they keep offering fresh seafood . that 's what keeps me coming back . if one day they stop serving fresh food i 'll never return . keep trying diy . we know it 's hard !	129
1	excellent service . easy access to the cars . personnel ( david ) were helpful , personal and interested in serving my needs well . i was a bit concerned about going with a car rental agency that i 'd never used . payless did n't dissappoint and i shall seek them out in the future . go payless !	3595
0	absolutely terrible . dr. zak is very unprofessional and hateful . there is a difference between 'not sugar coating things ' and being completely inappropriate . i went to her through my entire pregnancy and aftercare but i have had enough . she is terrible and has zero bedside manner and refuses to answer questions or help . you always wait at least an hour to see her because she 's `` running late '' . if i could give zero stars i would . i will never return to that office again and i hope no other woman has to go through it either . do not go here if you are pregnant .	1925
0	nice staff but horrible dentist . they told me i had to pay 80 $ out of pocket for a cavity since insurance would not cover it . then they bill be for 200 $ for a cavity . then to top it all of they did n't fill it right causing me to drive a half a hour away to get it filled at there other office 2 more times . save your time and money and go somewhere else .	3003
1	great salads , and gimger tea . large dining room , seat yourself , order at the counter , food ready when buzzer vibrates and lights up . great for groups , or small gatherings . casual atmosphere	1259
1	went there for an oil change recently . did n't know if there 's going to be a wait time so i called ahead and make an appointment . in and out of the store in under 30 minutes . great service and friendly staffs .	2552
1	so i was in desperate need of a haircut after growing my hair out for a year . called true aveda and got an appointment that day with liv . we hit it off right away . she is such a nice and fun person and comes from a family of hair designers . she did exactly what i asked and her suggestions were spot on . definitely will be seeing her again ! ! thanks liv ! i 'd give you 10 if i could !	335
1	i love their donuts . they are the best ! i do n't go anywhere else for donuts after having tried these honestly . 10/10 would recommend .	3322
1	the owner is so awesome ! we ordered a coonan 357 mag . it was such a great experience that i do n't believe we will go anywhere else . one of my hobbies is guns , so i will be back to pick up the smith and wesson governor . i have complete trust with them and feel like if there is ever a gun they do n't carry , he will bend over backwards to get what we want . his shop is santa 's workshop and he is the firearm santa .	3855
1	amazing service and very inexpensive . my driver was the kindest gentleman ever . he waited for me to get my luggage as i was about 5 minutes over the set time but did not charge me extra . we got to the airport on time for $ 30 from utopia rd and 32nd street . i even gave him a $ 5 tip .	3142
0	menu was limited . their sauces were watered down . their prices are a bit expensive compared to dt 's . sorry but we ca n't help but compare since they are not too far from each other . the chicken inasal portion is small for that price . kinda like eating jollibee chicken that are small compared to a kfc . their lechon is not that good either . probably was not that fresh when it was served coz it 's not crunchy	658
0	being a first time patient , asking for your drivers license and insurance card and then tell you to have a seat and theyll return it to you asap ! a few minutes later get called back into one of the rooms come out 45 minutes later not realizing that they had never returned it and getting home and go to get your license and realize they still have it ! then advertise your open till 7 o'clock and at 20 after six are closed . so that really was in a very good first impression and actually may be my last considering the fact that i had to drive around without a license and met up with outta town friends with no license !	297
0	this was my first time at his office , i informed the dr that i was having problems focusing . after talking to me for 10 mins , the dr gave me a prescription for bi-polar disorder . that he wanted to see me again next month . i do n't think i will be turning in the prescription . my family has no history of bi-polar disorder , i do n't think you can know something that serious in such a short amount of time . i will not be returning.. i paid $ 150 upfront .	3928
1	very pretty property , well taken care of . i especially love the pool area , it 's so relaxing . at night it is well lit so i feel comfortable parking spots are covered and close to my front door so i 'm not lugging my poorly planned grocery shopping too far the girls in the office are always so friendly and do everything they can to make me feel welcome , comfortable and at home	2684
0	service was absolutely horrible . we came for lunch . made an order using their ipad . at first we received items that we had n't ordered like soup or such . and we told the waiter and he simply said `` just eat it '' we just ignored that and told him we wo n't eat it and do n't want to be charged for leaving it . then as we waited a whole bunch of rolls came in but none of which we ordered ! ! ! they just threw random food on our table and thought we 'd eat just about anything they gave us .	1231
1	awesome customer service ! i have to shout out tuesday and dorothea for being very awesome and understanding . i put on a shirt i recently purchased and it ripped on me . they were able to return it for me an order me a new shirt online because they did not have my size in the store . i want to think tuesday for helping me feel at ease and comfortable after freaking out because my favorite shirt ripped . & i want to thank dorothea for always being so lovely to me when i 'm in the store . will always continue to shop at this location	3650
0	if you come to las vegas club make sure you bring your own drink i put in over 100 in slot and still not cocktails . poor service at best . again tonight no cocktail waitress and no service i 'm back tonight and men 's restroom is bad .	3630
0	i had the chimichanga and it was n't very good . the seasoning was bland and l was looking for some bold authentic flavor . it tasted like a subway version of a chimichanga .	1137
0	never again will l dine there , my order was totally wrong . the manager who was extremely rude and to be honest racist , wanted me to still pay for the food , which i ultimately didn't.i just paid for the drink i had.that was my first time , and definitely the last time i 'll ever eat there .	890
1	this is my favorite go to phô restaurant ! they never fail me everytime ! very good service , very cozy place and very good food ! their grilled beef ribs just melts in your mouth , and their phô are the best ! i would recommend this to all my friends !	673
1	consistently delicious ! we love to get the gotham minus sausage and beef add ham ! a large pizza and domenico salad feeds 4 perfectly ! the complimentary bread to start is delicious and i often wish i could go just for that !	192
0	this place use to be good but not anymore . the young kid claimed to be a manager is totally unprofessional . when i purchased 4 tires from them , i also purchased nitrogen fill up . when i went to the store the fill my tire the manager claimed that the machine is not ready and i have to wait for 30 mins . in addition , he only check the tire that showed low and refused to check the other 3 tires . this happened today 8/6/2018 .	2123
1	i 've been visiting this location for years . always professional , quick and lovely decor . nisha is my go to brow tech and she 's always great with her customers . i 've been to several threaders and by far all of the ladies here are the best !	2630
1	yum ! yum ! i 'm officially addicted to their apricot tarts , so good , better thank anywhere else and cheaper too . their sandwiches remind me of paris , and their almond croissant is the best !	397
1	the veggie pizza is killer ! i 'm addicted to their pizza sauce . the salad bar is always on point , a little pricey but if you go on wed 's it 's a bit less . vegan chocolate chip cookies are the best . awesome local , organic produce ! have you seen their pumpkins ? !	433
1	i went to a movie and spent one dollar . that 's really all that needs to be said . a lot of the same females who complain if there is a dark spot under a rug in their $ 20 airbnb room complain about this theater . if you want a $ 13.50 experience , harkins is just around the corner . if you 're really going to be a cry baby about popcorn prices and how the place is not immaculate , you need to grow up and shut up .	3927
0	i will say if you have stomach issues and or have n't been eating out often , to possibly avoid eating here . i 've had stomach cramps going on day number two , after eating here . my daughter has had a flare up , as well as my husband . the food is tasty but filled with grease and too much sodium content . if you 're use to eating out then this may not affect you . if you suffer from ibs , crohn 's disease and or have other stomach sensitivities this would not be ideal for you .	1264
1	this is a really great little place . it is the first nail place i 've been to since moving to north royalton . their staff is very friendly and the prices are very affordable . $ 27 including tax for a shellac and manicure . despite my badly damaged nails ( from a prolonged ohio winter and my bad biting habit , ) she gave me a nice manicure without making my hangnails bleed . she cleaned up my cuticles and hangnails , and they feel and look much better . i will be back for sure .	3444
0	they charge $ 225 to mail in a british passport application that you can do online or mail in yourself . these guys are scam artists .	2698
1	they have a good selection of things ! the lady is super helpful and she asked us if we were looking for anything in particular.. we happened to be looking for a canopy and a car bike rack . she took us to where she had the canopies and explained them to us . then she spent some time looking for the bike rack that was posted online but no luck finding it.. but every helpful and took lots of time to help even with other people in the store . we will be back for sure ! !	692
0	they just lost a long standing customer over an expired coupon . 50 % off a salad is $ 3.50 . we spent over $ 100 week there . service and quality have gone downhill lately anyway . the iced tea is often not replenished . very poor customer service decision to not honor a coupon . i 'm done with this place . judging from the number of patrons ; i 'm sure this place will be closing soon . they have already cut back on their hours as well .	875
0	after a few years and maybe six visits i wo n't go back . it 's easily noticed the quality has cheapened up and just not same . the chicken fried chicken , no where near as good as years ago . first hardly warm and on this huge oval plate by itself with small amount of already congiled gravy . just not appealing ... we had a party of ten easy orders and two waitresses did n't quite nail it if you know what i mean . i was obviously paying bill and my service was terrible not even a refill ? until i asked ! 119.99 for ten to eat is ok with half ordering water but just not same food quality ... sorry !	1542
1	purchased jump time here by mistake and glad i made that mistake ! we had a great time ! we came late afternoon on a monday so it was n't too busy . the kids loved it and the staff was very friendly and accommodating . my daughter loved the rock climbing wall and there was plenty to do . plus the prices are cheaper than skyzone . definitely coming back !	1095
0	terrible service . regularly cheat customers and then manager will defend practice . by `` regularly , '' i mean three weeks in a row . shameful . plus , food is garbage . never again !	496
1	i 've eaten here several times , every time is good . there 's a counter for fast service , great oyster shooters , & good seafood	1255
1	delicious burgers ... ..and friendly folks ! they will definitely see us again . great neighborhood bar .	1150
0	these ladies need a lesson in sense of urgency . start to finish it took me 20 minutes to order and receive my drink . pick up the pace . people have flights to catch . terrible .	3124
0	unbelievably bad experience with the reservation desk . in my 25 years plus of travel , no reservation transaction has ever been worse . we tried booking for part of a wedding block . after asking to speak with a manager twice and being put on hold twice , i got hung up on . it looks like we 'll be staying elsewhere . the hotel might be great but if they ca n't even book a room correctly , i worry about a place where i 'm going to spend my hard earned $ $ $ . customer service here is horrible .	1691
0	the young man who took my order was indifferent and i had to clarify multiple times . it took awhile to get our food , which was understandable because it was quite busy . i ordered an iced latte becuase i noticed the steamwand on the espresso machine was coated in dried milk residue . that is disgusting , and you would think it would be standard to sanitize the wand and steam residual milk out afterward . in the end i recieved butter instead of the cream cheese i paid for . next time i 'm visiting for the holidays i 'll make sure to go to another location .	3372
0	i guess i have an unpopular opinion here but the sushi was not good . we ordered like 8 special rolls between the two of us and i could n't find anything i liked . the rolls were average . everything was drenched in sauces . i 'm not opposed to that if pulled off right but it was not right in this case . i could n't taste the ingredients . just the sauces . might as well just give me the sauce bottles and i 'll go to town on them , harry and lloyd style . the place is nice and clean and the service is friendly and attentive , but i just did n't enjoy the food .	626
0	this place has awful service . my family and i were extremely disappointed . the food was decent but will not go back as the girl that served us was super rude and impolite . she was impatient and basically threw our dishes across our table . i 'd give them 2 stars for the quality of their food but none for service .	1062
0	i have eaten here numerous times . never had a bad experience , until today . met a friend for lunch . i had the french pantry sandwich . the chicken was so overcooked and tough , i could n't even bite into it . had to resort to a knife and fork . still had trouble cutting it . the flavor was ok , but i was very disappointed in the overall sandwich . i only ate about 1/3 of it ... . not sure i will be returning here . there are so many other wonderful restaurants in our area .	1458
1	the service here was great ! you always hear the horror stories about going to a dealership and having the pesky salesmen follow and harass you . this definitely was n't the case for me . i arrived and was treated great ! they went through the options i could afford and found the best deal for me ... .i ended up purchasing a car that day . it has now been a month and a half and i had to call about a question ... they still remembered me and were very nice and helpful . i definitely recommend this place if you 're looking to purchase your next vehicle . jeff and barry are great !	2816
1	great concept , it 's the most `` fun '' ice cream i 've had . the ice cream itself however is only as good as the mix-ins you choose . my husband pinpointed that it 's a mix between coldstone and dairyqueen in flavor . if i 'm going to be hustled through a line like angelina jolie herself is serving ice cream , that stuff better be amazing ...	3813
1	foods decent and the service is fast . totally worth going if ur looking for something healthy and fresh : )	701
1	the food is great and the prices are reasonable . they give you a nice amount of food for what you pay for .	1459
0	farmers markets here in az seem to be more of a craft fair . very limited in the produce department . but what they do have is good and those working their booths are polite and helpful . like the tamales . tasty variety . parking was the pits , but it seems they 've modified that situation a bit .	1500
1	spent a few hours shopping for furnishings . our strategy was to shop one day and buy the next . we found more than we expected well below our budget and purchased living room and bedroom furniture ... all of it . the staff was helpful and guided as to all we needed and worked to get us the best possible deal . we have many ashley pieces and love the design and quality . but the service we received at this store put our experience over the top . give these guys a try . you wo n't be disappointed !	1442
0	ignored by a guy who walked from the counter to mess around in the coolers and another who was gabbing with the ( only other ) two customers at a table . cook spoke up only to tell one of the employees that the food he was cooking was ready . i just walked out .	1160
1	best place to watch sporting events , attentive and friendly staff , and the truffle pizza is so damn good .	456
0	this place sucked . the people seemed to be mostly older . age 35 and up . the younger ones were mostly ugly and or fat . the had a dance floor and a dj . the music choice sucked . it was rap and country . it was almost to get service since i was n't a regular . i would not bring friends here unless they were old or ugly .	2894
1	my husband and i absolutely love this place ! ! their food is amazing , always tons of flavor ! we have tried other indian spots , but this one is a notch above the rest . we especially love the vindaloo and the chili naan . awesome !	1497
0	we just moved from nyc , so we were in search of a `` go to '' thai restaurant . unfortunately , the search continues as mai thai ii did not meet our expectations . pros : friendly staff , relatively large portions . cons : food was unremarkable .	50
1	stopped in after work for a friday treat ... a much needed pedicure . very reasonable prices $ 20 for a pedicure and it includes about a five minute massage and hot stones . employees were friendly and took their time to ensure the finished product turned out flawless . this place is n't fancy just the basics exactly what you would want from a $ 20 pedicure clean friendly and quick but not too quick . will be back !	1661
1	obscurity galore . from video games , to vinyl to my favorite , vhs . they have the best collection of vhs tapes i have ever seen . helpful staff , they have been around since 2001 . highly recommended if you 're into niche and obscure media .	2734
1	best club ever , best staff , amazing service , dj is awesome , nice crowd . could n't ask for more , if your looking for a place to go on mondays friday 's or saturdays blvd 44 is the place to be . love it	2200
0	dry , salty , ribs ... tasteless fries.. uncooked vegetables and the list goes on.. overpriced and service takes forever . place looks great but the food is a zero . i 'm definitely not going back .	149
1	this place is an old timey place in a face paced world . i highly recommend the gordon square .	3604
1	you cant beat the price ! $ 3 with promo.. free wash cloth and air freshener ! vacuum works good ! nice and clean place ! 5 star for price and service	2093
1	very nice hotel . convenient to the airport and downtown charlotte , nc . you do have to be mindful of your surrounding . some break in of cars in the parking lot have being reported . excellent breakfast everyday with a very helpful staff . all the rooms have been updated giving each room a very clean very upscale feel !	2540
0	if i could give them zero stars i would . i would never recommend this company to anyone . they damaged my brand new bedroom furniture , took a chunk out of my door jamb , put a hole in my wall and did not cover any of the furniture . when i asked them to cover it they said they can not grab the furniture if it 's covered . when i told them that they damaged the furniture they said it was like that . i told them it was absolutely not it is brand new ! my bed that they put together is falling apartment . i should have read the reviews before booking with them .	370
1	i 'm very shocked at the reviews . i got the platinum wash and my car is spotless ! will definitely be coming back !	3899
0	i was ignored , when staff condecend to work with me , i got a extremely high estimate , and it occurred to me my business was not wanted . why be arrogant .	3501
0	def not going back . capers were stale in the beef carpaccio and the clams in the spaghetti were so fishy and not fresh . nice ambiance but the food lacks .	1204
0	i have eatten take out from here 3-4 times and i have not been impressed . i really like chinese and thai food but this just does n't measure up . i swear i got sick from it one time .	474
1	recently visited this salon to get my nails done due to not being satisfied at my prior nail salon . i was greeted here in a very friendly manner and assisted right away ! everyone in the salon was very friendly , and i was in and out with getting my acrylic nails with gel done ! they looked fantastic , and lasted a good two weeks before i needed them re-done ! i highly recommend this place , and be sure to bring cash with you to tip the nail technician !	3441
1	really fun place and the staff are funny and friendly . tried their medium and hard rooms , came out 1 win and 1 loss . they recently gave out $ 800 dollars in cash prizes in their grand opening give away . also for bday parties that booked a room in advance the birthday person got to play the room for free and even got a box of hostess cupcakes ! i would highly receommend this place puzzles are fun and challenging and they made sense and tied into the room nicely great attention to customers experience	3088
1	from friendly , quick , and efficient customer service to delicious food , kofusion brings a lot to the table in the sushi bar industry . on top , most of the staff are college students , creating a very comfortable , student-friendly aura . highly recommend !	912
0	of the 3 scheduled appointments i have made to this banfield , they have been at minimum 30 minutes late each time ( the longest being an hour ) . again , these were not walk-ins but scheduled appointments . once , i can understand , stuff happens . but three times and you 've got a systemic problem that needs addressing . i wish i could say that it 's due to incredible bedside service . but i suspect that it 's due to poor scheduling and staff utilization .	3094
0	the most skinniest burritos i 've ever tried . i would only recommend this place if you want to have a bad impression of texmex food . although stuff is friendly , their friendliness disappears as soon as they serve you those micro portions . i hope one day oakville gets a burrito boys in town . there are not the best , but at least they 're descent with their portions .	1474
0	blech ! ordered 4 pizzas . the `` good karma '' was inedible ... piled high with spinach gone bad . the special of the day `` mexican '' pizza was way too cheddary . the `` buddha bomb '' was ok and the `` presto pesto '' was the best of the bunch . the crust was the worst we 've ever had . pics online show a wood-oven type thin chewy crust but in reality the crust on my 4 pizzas was an unleavened , cracker-type crust with visible fork holes . the worst meal we 've had in the city since moving here 1.5 years ago .	754
0	so this time we take our truck in for a rattle in the door . they tell us , `` if you turn your bass down it wo n't rattle . '' we listen to talk radio and the door rattles . you ca n't make this up . i could go on and on ...	307
0	bodyheat tanning is a joke . the beds are hot , the fans do n't work , they smell funky , and are out of date . and never have a towel available . over priced and under deliver . their spray tans are sticky and gross . the color is orange-ish . and it 's impossible to cancel your membership . they 'll actually tell you to fight it through your credit card company . never ever ever getting my business again .	1314
0	if this is the best burger in na , then the usa is n't in north america . i can name several burger chains that well best this place what a burger , five guys , smash burgers . our waitress was horrible and it was expensive . skip this place for sure . lunch time friday and it was empty , i missed that clue	1280
0	more impressed by the atmosphere inside than with the taste of the treats : ( i had a rootbeer float , and while the ice cream was tasty , the root beer did n't have the fizz or intense flavor that a regular bottle of root beer would have . the 3 other taste testers at the table agreed . although the dairy-free chocolate shake was good , and the other vegan enjoyed her dairy-free ice cream sundae . will still go back to give the other desserts a try .	3604
0	sad experience . they used to care more , it does not feel safe to live there anymore . high crimes and vandalism is the most discouraging factor along with the lack of flexibility on the management part .	2426
0	advertise they test batteries , showed up to have a battery test and he declined to come outside due to short staff . after i got in my car i saw about 12 employees parade out . poor service and false advertisement .	3455
0	i 've been here 6 times . gourmet hot dogs okay at a fair price , but i would prefer steve hot dogs they tasted better but it 's no longer around . service is great some days and below average simedays . the weekend is busy and crowded with groupies from bands with the music set to loud . excellent atmosphere when bands not thier and service is better probably due to staff not having a pounding headache .	1407
0	if i could give them negative i would . i hate pink and roses ! went out for my birthday dinner last night and my husband was trying to be sweet and surprise me with flowers at our table . he picked out white tulips and got an arrangement of white roses with pink roses and pink tulips . it seriously ruined my night because i thought he did it to be an asshole since he has known for 9 years that exactly what was there is something that hits a bad vibe in my heart and had me on a bad mood the rest of the night which should 've been fun and magically . thank you az florist for ruining my birthday !	38
1	we were pleasantly surprised by this place . just a caveat : we did not eat the japanese food or the sushi , we tried their new chinese menu . we had the szechuan chicken and the ma po tofu and we thought both were tasty , mildly spicy and fresh . this is a small shop , so plan to share ; all the dishes do n't come out at the same time , which is a little inconvenient if you 're going to wait for everyone to get an individual dish.space is small , with an open kitchen , and there 's nothing fancy about it , but the price is right and we really enjoyed it . will definitely be back .	1014
0	waited 45 minutes for a personal banker during my lunch break only to be told to come back at 2:30 . then got another call saying it has to be moved to 4 . either hire more personal bankers or make it clearly appointments only . staff was friendly , service extremely poor .	3202
0	two members of our party which dined here at dinner got very sick and threw up the entire night . will not return , and would not recommend this place .	206
1	for under 45 dollars you can not beat this place , the rooms are clean , the staff was nice , the location was off the freeway , there were a few other hotels but decided on staying in this one , it is close to a few restaurants and bars , and i think a shopping mall area , not too sure . rooms were comfortable , showers were spacious and also clean . no complaints here at all . so if your need a good sleep and your near this place , give them a try .	2599
0	noon on saturday and sooo slow inside and at drive up . wound up bailing from drive through because it was taking too long . tried inside but no better . left without ordering	1460
0	ordered chicken tikka masala through uber eats . serving size seemed smaller than average . at first , i thought i was just deceived by the small cup packaging they used . in the end i had to cook some extra chicken to add to even get full . taste was decent to good , but the chicken was inconsistent . some pieces were good while others were as hard as leather . honestly , i 'm just really disappointed by the delivery experience . no rice , utensil , or napkins . for $ 15 i expected a slightly bigger portion and at least some rice to go with it .	1497
1	pretty fun for kids here . they are here every year and my kids love it . you can purchase tickets here and use it next year . they have things like bounce house , tons of pumpkins in different sizes , slides , a petting zoo ( with baby goats , chickens , bunnies and few lambs . .. i personally do n't like these lol ) . the staff are so nice and location is a decent size . i advise everyone wearing tennis shoes and socks ( lots of slides requires socks ) because you ate walking on hay .	1900
1	i highly recommend gino who helped us through the process of getting our teen son started on guitar . gino was friendly , knowledgeable , able to beautifully demo the instruments , and set us up with exactly what we hoped to find . we would definitely go back for future purchases and would recommend this location to others . thanks gino !	3602
1	first time i been here , and i was very welcomed . i got a fresh fade from gregg , this is definitely my new barber shop ! it was a little pricey , $ 20 but it was well worth it .	3469
0	doctors are gteat , but the support staff and scheduling staff lack organization . constantly making a mess of things . it is impossible to call and actually talk to a person . leave a message and 10 percent of the time they will call you back	2845
0	they completely took advantage of my wife ! all we wanted was a basic wash and vacuuming and they charged us $ 120 ! i called the manager and he just said he 'd wax the car and throw in a few free car washes . thanks not what we wanted . we wanted to be charged a fair price for the work done , which was a basic wash and vacuum . i 'll never be back , and i 'll let anyone in the neighborhood know how sleazy they were to us .	3899
1	i have gone to the restaurant twice so far . i 've tried their pad thai , malaysian curry with roti , and tom yum . they are all pretty good . their shakes are good as well . i have n't tried their pho yet . i 've managed to get seated right away the times i 've gone . the service is as expected . it 's passable . the decor is not there . the water tastes kinda funny . overall , i would go back for lunch .	331
0	i ordered from cafe mezcal through foodora , and it has taken them 3 hours to get us our food , they wo n't even pick up the phone , what kind of business are you guys running ? never ordering from you again !	332
0	they will ask for a higher tip if you give them anything less than $ 15 . i gave the lady $ 11 and she said she wanted $ 15 to $ 20 . i will not come back here anymore . the massage quality is standard with all other places . i do n't like the lack of integrity .	2399
0	i have been to this restaurant many times and several have been bad experiences with the server . they need to find someone who cares about the service they provide to the customer ! i wo n't be going back again ... i think i have given them enough chances . also if the menu says you have domestic beer , have it stocked .	927
1	i 'm so sad ... out favorite chinese restaurant in the valley has closed . : ( we drove all the way from goodyear to eat dinner and when we arrived we found tott 's closed with only a sign that said `` closed relocating '' . we almost started crying as we dream about tott 's and look forward to making the trek across town for their terrific food . i sure hope they open back up ( maybe in goodyear ? ? ? ) . : )	474
1	good spreads from what i can tell of the other exchange places nearby . that and i have to say , the tellers were wonderful people . that and they were open early when i needed them and late when i was thinking about it as well . i gave repeat business based on that . thanks much ! : )	1377
1	love this location , it was close to my job and i 'd go in often . sometimes you go in and out quickly other times you wait about 2 hours . i still like this location , the staff is awesome , especially the girl with the cool short haircut ! i wish i remembered her name she was always so funny and easy going and just a great person overall . i 'm sad i wont be able to go to this location anymore because my job changed .	2940
0	hugely disappointing ! ! ! ! ok ... we went here just because it was rated the # 1 restaurant on trip adviser . wait to be seated ... awesome ... service ... unreal . food ... bleh . we ordered 2 different entrees and an appetizer ... honestly..we did n't finish them ... we told the server we were not able to eat them ... he apologized . we actually got dessert ... since we were still hungry ... after not eating ! it was good..some sort of pineapple cake . overall ... i wo n't go back .	1534
0	great building . great views . great atmosphere . great location . the only reason its a 1 star is because of the management in this building . its horrible . very rude and not polite . i have been living here for a year now and cant wait to leave . other high rises you should check out is turnberry towers and panorama . stay away .	1034
1	shamika is amazing ! ! she always does an amazing job with color , cut and brazilian blow out ! she always listens to what i want and exceeds my expectations ! i 'm so glad i finally found an amazing salon that has great services , atmosphere and hair products ( fave 4 my favorite )	2577
1	this is the best bar in the area - not over priced . they have pool tables and a juke box . drinks are made correctly as ordered the first time and they do n't up sell you the crap you do n't want . this is my `` hole in the wall '' bar . i would pick this place before all others in the area . the crowd is always decent too , everyone just having a good time .	1285
1	best customer service ive gotten at an einsteins in the valley ! the employee who took my order was a friendly young man who was polite and actually looked at me when i placed my order . the gentleman at the register called me by name , was extremely pleasant and offered $ 1 off my coffee for using my own commuter cup . i am so glad i did not let my bad experiences at other einstein 's in the valley keep me from trying this one . i 'll go back again , especially since it is so close to my office .	3372
0	my husband and i went furniture shopping today..we were in the oakwood store for approximately 45 minutes without any customer service . as we were leaving the sales reps where huddled at the front of the store . mind you we had cash in hand and needless to say they did not get my business . ..instead i went a few miles down the road to a little place in twinsburg . .great customer service and my furniture will be delivered tomorrow .	3553
1	my go to place for thai basil close to home . never a wait and they have everything i need and then some . great store !	2965
1	cassandra ramos is your stylist ! she is wonderful and very sweet , . she will make sure you leave happy and looking stylish . cassandra is an organic hair color specialist , which i love because it is much more healthier than other color brands . give it a try !	1130
1	yes , this is as good as it gets ! dr. dameron and his team make going to the dentist actually a really good experience ! the whole staff is very professional , kind and accommodating . not to mention happy ! the hygienists are just the best , as are all the staff . dr. dameron 's work is beautifully done and my teeth have never looked or felt better . i highly recommend this whole office to anyone needing work done ! you will not be disappointed .	3245
0	i 've been going to this place for over a year now and it 's always been ok . however , last time i went , they have raised their prices significantly . then the waiter came to take our order and we told him to give us a few minutes to decide . 25 minutes later and he never came back , so i wo n't be back . too much competition in the restaurant industry to put up with this ! also the place could use a serious remodel .	325
0	quaker s & l is busy , loud and has fairly good wings , expensive but good steaks , and trite `` motor head '' repro decor . there are better restaurants for the money .	1487
1	at first sight its kind of grubby , but once you settle in its quite cozy . the floor has great seating , a little cluttered but close enough to the stage . food is decent and price is fair . tickets 15 bucks . comedians are great and witty . after the show you can play pool out front , which they stayed open later . the front could have better seating or be more inviting . i 've been here a couple of times and will go again .	2144
1	the food here is great , my service was amazing . i came here a couple years ago and had the rudest waiter . i do n't remember the name of my most recent waiter , but he was very polite and checked on me frequently without disturbing my meal . although they were under construction , the restaurant possessed a clean atmosphere .	520
0	i used to enjoy coming to this location . i think they must have changed management . i only visit about once every 2-3 months for staff meeting food . the energy is low with the employees . the manager has an apparent sour attitude . i seen her and another employee giving each other a look while serving a customer that may have been a little indecisive . it was very unprofessional . the other employee was not happy to be there herself . there is a few employees that are wonderful and they would be the only reason i would return .	1214
1	friendly baristas , drive-thru service is *mostly* quick , but the store does tend to run out of favorite pastries on occasion . overall , a solid sbux if you 're in the area and do n't like getting out of the car . do n't forget to flash your smartphone starbucks e-card to gather your gold stars !	2778
0	oh , yeah and if you yelp about them , even though their service sucks , they would term you as a bogus reviewer or disgruntled employee . why would anyone want to hire them let alone work for such a company ! ugh ! their `` filtered '' reviews were probably posted by themselves . who knows ! btw my name is not jorge ! look at my other reviews , i like my anonymity , but give honest feedback . get professional , penguin air , clean up your act first . instead of bullying the customers who give not-so-positive feedback , it would be nice if this was taken as constructive feedback and addressed . oh well ...	2203
0	i waited an hour , for ubereats delivery ( which was originally supposed to take less than 40 minutes ) only for the restaurant to cancel my order , 12 minutes before they close at 8:48pm . this also made it more difficult to find something else that was open . they should n't accept an order , then cancel it an hour later . not okay .	640
1	cca is a great little school . the staff truly cares about the kids . it was a nice surprise to find a school like this offering a well rounded christian based curriculum so close to home . our little boy loves getting up and going to school every day .	2701
1	just had an awesome experience here . brought my bike in for a front derailleur tune up . figured i would have to leave it over night , but he got me in right away and even gave me some pointers on adjusting it in the future . great service , good price , will definitely be back .	3726
1	surprised my the bad reviews . this location is walking distance to my house so on nights that cooking is not an option i find myself here . food is always fresh and as good as any of the other locations i 've been to . the thing that makes this location stand out are the people that work here are actually really nice ! mcdonald 's is mcdonald 's . not the healthiest and u always hate yourself for eating it but at least the people here are friendly	1489
1	these were probably a top pick for me today , amazing model and floor plans . i wish there was more availability , but it was below my price range !	2426
1	drinks are usually well made here , although the service is very slow , but you can expect that at almost every bbt store late at night .	766
0	i ordered extra rice and i got a half of scoop for $ 1.50 , the salad spilled the sauce all over the rest of the food and smells like feet . i 've ordered delivery a few times from here but this will be the last .	1203
1	got out late this morning and needed something to eat . stopped here since mcdonald 's breakfast is so good . the only issue i had was that the bathrooms were dirty . plus the coffee that i ordered was supposed to be with a carmel flavor . i ordered a large iced carmel latte drink and there was no carmel . one thing that i did like about this mcdonald 's was the team work between the employees and it was genuine and not fake . the general manager was so happy and helpful . she was taking orders and even do the work stuff not barking orders like you see with a lot of managers . this is so rare .	1023
0	had brakes serviced at this location 20 minutes later parts were falling off . return the same day brakes had to be redone spent over 4 hours getting brakes fixed had to return three more times to have brakes repaired at there other location very poor service at this location .	2123
0	their hours are spotty at best . inconsistently open or closed . drive over here and not open with no sign either . also after trying these donuts they are nothing special . just go to winchells instead of paying for these overpriced donuts	3322
0	the employees were super rude and their wigs were not good at all they smelled like barbie hair . this place needs to be shut down .	2826
0	worst place ever.. that joe sucks.. i try to ask for my cut style and he said no time for more explanation.. was totally disaster cut.. i went to another place to get my cut fix.. do to your self a favor.. avoid this place.. really sucks	3469
1	this place is without a doubt one of the if not the best mandarin restaurant in town . they operate like no other . costumer service is so good , they always compliment you and acknowledge you when and if you need something . i 'm glad i came here , it 's like no other experience . trust me and go eat here .	486
0	it was definitely an experience ... some unusual toppings and interesting flavors , but we got 3 pizzas , and each one was an interesting mix of undercooked and burnt . for about $ 13 for a 10 '' pizza , i 'd rather eat at a pizza hut or similar chain restaurant .	282
1	i 'm new to the area , had n't found a dr. yet , and picked this office because of its reviews-i 'm so glad i did because they 're wonderful ! pa david was kind and listened to my concerns while asking questions . the front staff and nurses were very nice and helpful ! i highly recommend them !	297
0	first the tow truck was two hours late . then the tow truck driver recommended me to a `` reputable and fair priced mechanic '' . the mechanic was obviously a friend to him but since i 'm not native to phx and i was obviously distressesed . his mechanic was not either reputable the store barely looked legal and his prices we not cheap . i ended up calling a different tow truck service and having my car serviced by a mechanic i was able to do through research on . do yourself a favor and never use this service .	1607
0	worst pedicure i have ever had . she basically washed my feet and applied nail polish . she did n't even clean up her mistakes . will never go again .	3948
0	my experience went from bad to worse . this place is filthy and the employees are extremely rude . i pawned an item and when i went back to pick it up the place we closed . i went back first thing in the morning to pick up the item . i was told that the finance charge was double for being a day late .	3067
0	went here for my first time today because i have been doing a detox cleanse so a fresh drink was necessary . i ended up getting the weekend warrior . i personally did n't enjoy the drink . did n't have much to offer . i have found many other smoothie places and this is something i would n't recommend .	468
0	roach on the floor . i will post the pic for you or try . we got or money back for the food we had just ordered and they gave it back no prob other then the cook looked a little upset ... glad we saw it and did n't eat the food ... was looking forward to eating here due to reviews.. to bad .	1581
1	absolutely love this place been coming here for 10 plus years . staff nice and prices very reasonable . give them a try , do n't know what 's up with some of these reviews ...	1009
1	fantastic service ( with a smile ) and plenty of items to choose from . while it may not be as popular as giant eagle or target , it allows the local to shop quick and shop efficiently .	3216
0	bad service.had problem with my air conditioner , they sold me parts to fix the problem , that the tech told me that it would work , and it didnt work , so i told the tech so what know , you have to pay for the other part to fix it , so i told the tech to give me back my money on the other part that i didnt need.he got very angry and told me to call the office.very bad service , and i am woman.the are looking to take your money and not help with the problem that you are having , i would tell everybody to stay away from this company.and if you use them be ready to get riped off .	1718
1	i think that this place might be under new management or something . i have seen a lot of bad reviews but i started going here recently , and i actually liked it , the music always has a good beat and is fun to dance to.i was having trouble leaving the dance floor because the dj kept playing such great music . the bouncers were very nice and chit chatted with me while the checked my id . also , the other people that go there are all very cool and easy to talk to and have fun with . down side , the drinks are a little pricey compared to the other places on mill .	2765
1	if you are looking for a day camp this summer , legacy ymca has one of the best ! my daughter attended last year and will be going again this summer . last year , she exercised , swam , went on field trips , and had a great social experience . director kelli is fantastic and will be back again this year ! ca n't beat the hours or the price either !	2072
1	just sent my camera without notification and filling out the camera send in form to c.r.i.s . - called them and they found my dataset and camera within seconds . great service , had really fear it gets lost on this way !	633
0	just one thing to say about scoops : this place smells like cat pee . no joke , it is unmistakeable and just gross . ice cream is not that bad but not very good either . would not waste time or calories here when mitchell 's is so close .	703
0	this review is for the grooming service . asked the groomer to do a complete shave , short everywhere . my dog 's entire face and neck are still covered in fur . she looks terrible ! basically i paid $ 55 for a half-done job . teresa did n't even trim my dog 's nails . they refused to book an appointment for the mistake to be corrected . the girl said that the groomers were separate from the hospital . weird part is that i originally booked the groomers through the hospital . she said i should just wait for the groomers to call when they had a slot open . my poor dog . poor wallet too .	1864
1	i love my walgreen 's pharmacy ! always open , fast . the computer calls me to remind me for refills and i get the 90 day prescriptions to save trips . i went there today for my son with only partial info on his insurance ( no card ) they took care of everything with no hassles and had it filled quick .	1641
0	every single time i 've been here , whoever is at the register seems to have a huge stick up their ass . prices are n't too great for what you get . actually , the food is n't even that good , period . only time i ever think to come here is if i want asada fries . but then i remember how terrible the staff is , and my craving subsides .	857
0	no , i wo n't be shopping there for a while . they refuse to talk to consumers union about offering meat without antibiotics . me thinks not . i get enough antibiotics from the pharmacy . i thought tj 's was a little better than that . oh well .	1930
1	moved in two weeks ago and i am very pleased with the responsivness of the staff and management . i do n't consider myself demanding but i did have some needs upon move in . most have been addressed at this point . haley in the office has been a delight to work with and is always attentive to my whining . there are a lot of new amazing complexes popping up in south charlotte that will give atkins a run for it but for the money the location ca n't be beat ! i 'm glad i chose atkins circle apartments . : )	3467
1	come from the west side of phoenix to chandler to have some boba . good service and fast !	490
1	amazing mac and cheese , great prices overall , and friendly staff !	279
0	i called and spoke with dion , he came to my home and took measurements , spoke with me about what i wanted done and advised me that he would have an estimate for me `` in a couple of days '' . dions scheduled appointment was on 8/25/2018 . i have texted him many times as well as called and have received no response . i would not recommend his services . he can not even respond to a text message and makes unfulfilled arrangements .	2691
1	delicious ! ! ! i am not a hot dog fan , but the amazing combinations and toppings buldogis has to offer has changed my mind . not only that , their kimchi fries are a great side to share with somebody . i am never disappointed or still hungry after eating here !	1566
0	hey blonde haired girl working the shoe return..i am sorry that you clearly hate your job , but because you do , that does not give you the right to huff and puff like the big bad wolf when i go to exchange a small pair of shoes for the next size up . if you are incapable of basic human contact at your place of work perhaps go work in a factory or a graveyard ...	742
0	went only twice . both times the pancakes were burnt and the eggs were not good either . dont think we should have to wait twice to get a simple breakfast .	1319
0	towed my vehicle to a firestone where they left it in the middle of the parking lot . because they did not put it where it was easily visible overnight , like in a parking spot the vehicle was vandalized . right driver 's window was completely smashed out .	3211
0	my experience was ok . there was a bit of a language barrier , but all i wanted was a gel manicure so it was n't too much of a problem . the woman was nice enough and the salon was clean . my problem was with her work . as a professional manicurist , i expect for her to know ( or care ) not to let the polish flood my cuticles . i normally get 2 weeks from a gel mani , i 'll be lucky to get 3 days from this one . disappointing .	3390
0	would n't sell me a battery even though i 'm 31 years old . kind of seems like an odd thing to id someone for	2042
1	found out about efresh meals while walking down the street and someone handed me a card type ting to try it for 10 % off . if you work a lot or eat a lot of takeout and are looking for something quick , easy , fresh and healthier , this is for you . was pretty impressed overall . i will continue to order meal plans from efresh	803
1	the staff is wonderful , accommodating and super friendly . kylie at the front desk always go over & beyond and is a huge asset to the entire practice . and without jenn relph i would be completely lost . she 's a true caregiver . best doctor i 've had in all my years .	297
1	the theaters here are smaller but if you 're averse to large moviegoing crowds , this is the place to go . they may not always show the big blockbuster movies so when they do , this is usually our first theater of choice . the concession stand rarely has long lines and is semi-self service which is great . the theaters are clean , well maintained , & comfortable . i recommend this theater for convenience and comfort .	2000
1	i have always gone to much higher end salons , but was in a jam and happened to be driving in the area.they did such a good job with gel overlay and polish that i now only go there even if its a bit of a drive for me . polish tends to wear off ( 1 month + i can let it go ) have never had chipping or peeling . super happy i tend to ask for lena she is super fast and now knows how i like it done .	3463
1	the pictures do n't do justice . this place is really nice , well decorated . the lobby is a nice place to have some drinks etc . if you like to walk is not far from a lot of the attractions .	1859
1	i like this agency always find good people to work with . yes i recommended , i like this agency i like this office i like heather u like the families	2482
0	i 'm posting this as i am currently waiting in the drive-through for over 15 minutes to get a coffee . i echo the other reviews here . somehow this location has a really hard time moving at a decent pace . if there 's more than one car in the drive-through i 'll never stop again	2358
1	went for our cake tasting and had a very pleasant and welcoming experience with the owner joe . very descriptive got the exact image of what i 'm looking for in my wedding cake . flavors of choice are amazing . really enjoyed my experience today and i 'm definitely looking forward to see my wedding cake on april 7th . i have no doubt they will meet my expectations .	2196
0	my experience was very bad . the lady did not honor any of my requests . she did not even ask how i wanted my eyebrows to be shaped . when i asked the lady to clear some stragglers , she retorted that it is my oversight . she did not even ask if it needed any further shaping . overall very poor experience .	2630
0	it is unfortunate that two individuals were disrespectful enough to find this update funny . choosing medical attention is important and discrimination of any type is not funny .	1589
1	i am not sure what happened here in the last few months to cause such bad reviews but it was actually nice here in my opinion . my room was clean and more importantly comfortable . the bed had at least 4 down pillows and i fell right to sleep as soon as i laid in the bed . the free breakfast was horrible the eggs were runny and warmed up alongside the sausages in the microwave . even the waffles had a sour taste to them . if i am ever back in cleveland , ohio i would definitely stay here again .	3248
1	very nice , comfortable and unpretentious place . professional and courteous staff and massage-therapists . ca n't go wrong with this convenient and accessible 'spa ' .	1192
0	the staff was skillful , my body felt relax but not my mind . the staff were allowed to talk ( not whisper ) to the customer and i could n't really enjoy it . i was able to hear the customer by the cashier . i would have given it 4 stars for the skills but the talking took out 1 star . also , be careful if you are driving , the parking lot has a bum that almost took out my tire and that took out 1 star too .	735
1	you have to try their chicken melt when here . decent crowds	221
1	this place has what many places do n't ; a vibe to mentally zone out ... . some bars are meant to bring out your social side , others your sports side- i found that i can get three important things i like at this place : 1 . guinness on tap 2 . robust authentic environment ( nice dark wood styling- old photos and a chilled out staff -- - ( i feel like i can talk badly about obama and iphones and not an eyebrow would be raised ! ) 3 . i can chill and zone out after work and just be quiet .	792
0	pretty glasses , but does that mean i 'm willing to put up with lies ? no ! when i choose a store to make a purchase i also look for integrity , honesty , and solution oriented people . they flunked on all three and lost my business forever . do n't do it , it 's not worth it .	3501
0	because of employee christian reed this location does n't even deserve 1 star . he was so rude and condescending , he made sure to hand me his business card which reads `` mgr trainee '' to make sure i spelled his name correct when i told him i would be reporting him . enterprises brand is `` a family owned business that treats you like family '' . he does n't have the skills set for problem solving or treating a customer like family . definitely needs more training on how to treat people	2373
0	nothing against this dealership , everything against hyundai motor finance and their customer care . they are only helpful when i wanted to lease my car . when the lease is up the are horrible , horrible people . no help , no extension on my lease . very unhelpful . i will never , ever buy another hyundai . always be loyal to honda from now on . honda rocks ! please do not buy or lease this car . you will be sorry .	3041
0	i wanted to love it . third time here and likely my last . it took over 20 minutes only to give me the wrong order ( i ordered iced latte and was given hot after attempting to charge me for a large when i ordered a medium . sorry , but you will have to do better . wait times are long and have witnessed food preparers sneezing into their hands and not washing , prep without gloves , running fingers through their hair . i would not recommend this place . i will go back to sbux . note to owner : your indifference is evident in your lack of responses to both negative and positive reviews .	407
0	brought in our car for transmission work . after the transmission work , immediately had to bring it back due to a loud screeching . instead of actually looking into the problem , they just applied grease . after they `` fixed '' the issue , the problem persisted if a bit quieter . ended up taking it to the dealer a week later . they told me that brake caliper had been over tightened to the point of stripping . the bracket holding the brake in place had been bent . all in all will need $ 500 worth of work to get things put right . was told that the car was not in a safe state . very unhappy .	2100
1	i always come to this store when i am in town and like that i find unique high quality clothes and shoes here . this store was clean , tidy and organized which made for a very enjoyable shopping experience . the staff was very friendly and helpful too . the store had a nice selection of goods that met my expectations . i also , liked that there was a mix of high and lower priced items .	926
0	per the employee jimmy john 's ... '' i am not suppose to make the sandwich the way you want it , i have to make the sandwich the way i am instructed to ... '' wtf ? ? ? ! ! ! my response `` you are not in business or have a job because of your personality . you have a job and open for business because of customers . '' will never return , and if they like free smells i am going to give them one of my own ! !	1340
0	went in for a gel manicure and regular pedicure , the pedicure was fine . the guy was a rude and was rushing a lot . i told them what color i wanted and he ended up doing the wrong one on my gel set . when my hands were under the light for the gels , it was burning my fingers which i have never experienced before . i went two days ago and my pink nail polish is starting to turn yellow ! wo n't be going back because of the rude service and the discoloration after only two days	1834
0	i come to this location because it is close to my house.. but the service here is not good . my mom and i came after church for a bagel and she ordered a regular bagel with no cream cheese . as she was checking out she asked for butter and the manager ( bald man ) said it would be $ .60 for butter ... uhm ... for a bit of butter ? ? ? really ? ! the manger did n't care and neither did the employees . i would understand if she wanted additional meats and veggies , but this is butter . so rude ! i do n't plan on coming back . so upsetting .	3372
1	did a hula burger , it was different but pretty good . onion rings are awesome ! coleslaw was not all that good .	953
0	this grocery store is over priced , a lot of the employees are rude , and the quality of the food items seem to be going down hill . i recently purchased chicken curry from the prepared foods section ... it was gross ! the chicken tasted like processed chicken strips . thankfully there are more healthy alternative grocery stores nearby like sprouts where the employees know what `` customer service '' means and the food items are just as healthy , more reasonably priced , and the inventory is more consistent .	433
1	el hotel esta bien , aunque caro , pero bueno es toronto aquí todo es caro jejeje , el hotel limpio y las camas y almohadas muuuy cómodas .	73
1	the food is always fresh and tastes great . i really enjoy coming in for lunch in between work and my appointments . i can order an entree , soup , wonton , and spring roll for less than $ 7 during lunch time . kung pao chicken and the sweet and sour shrimp are great . yes , this is slightly americanized , but it has been in business for quite some time and the staff and owners are always friendly . they do not hesitate to remember your face and say hello . this is by far my favorite place to take a friend for a quick bite to eat if we want chinese .	237
0	one word : no . the food is awful , you can get better and more authentic greek cuisine in a food court . the service was dreadful , besides the hostess who was pleasant . overall , we did not feel welcome and left as soon as possible after literally choking down our entrees . they use those processed `` __ % meat protein '' frozen chicken breasts for their souvlaki ! not acceptable.the salad was probably the best thing about this joint .	177
1	you ca n't fail here . location + price . rooms are just fine .	2976
1	my dog needed a nail trim , cost $ 8 but they got 2 staff involved , one of them even got his face very near to my dog 's mouth , very brave . i like people who take the initiative to get things done . will definitely be back . the dog bathing is a very good experience after the wash the store has a hugh shopping section , very fun and cute place .	3433
0	the lady working this place is very ignorant and rude ! i stopped coming here months ago because she would treat my friend and i like we were stealing . we initially loved our apartment location just because it 's right behind amko but the lady changed our minds ! ! ! she follows us throughout the store and i ca n't think of a single time it even looked like i was stealing ! ! we were customers for years and just stopped because i refuse to be treated and looked at like a thief when i am not .	2383
1	andre is always in the vegetable section and every time i come he is surprisingly always there ! helped me find over 60 things in the 20 times i came ! he is so awesome that i decided to rate smiths 5 stars because why not give someone credit for making your day so much easier ! good job smiths ! you 're employees are awesome	1223
0	well where to start ? dark dingy , etc . typical look to a music hall . not a think to impress me or those with me . the floor could use some work ( paint ) . sound was good . band was awesome . the kicker - you 'll be lucky if you can afford more than 2 drinks .	1693
1	amazing staff and doctors . i have had `` ok '' experiences around the valley then came across this office . if you are looking for a good eye doctor you cant go wrong !	2126
1	the philly cheese steak was the best ive had ina longggggggggggggg time ! the steak tasted like a good quality of beef . the roof top atmosphere was really cool and layed back i liked it .	1091
0	ok so it has beer . on a cool sign . there are others that have done that with out the sign . food- pedestrian at best , frozen diner at worst . the truth as always lies somewhere in between . really expensive for what you get- london , or nyc pricing has nothing on this place for price . what calgary does , what calgary does best is make everywhere else look awesome . especially with the food , the national enforces this natural order of mediocrity well .	630
0	came in around 9pm on a few different nights . good bagels and hot chocolate but cashier was snippy .	2841
0	i went here on 4/11/2015 after reading a bunch of decent reviews on yelp ! there was only one server working this small joint , it was n't very busy , but she could n't seem to be bothered to tend to the few patrons . not only was the service well below average but my girlfriend found a huge piece of plastic in here chimichanga verdes . when i finally got the attention of the waitress to tell her she acted like it was no big deal and was n't even going to comp the food . i would not recommend this place to anyone ! !	7
0	yeah do n't do it.. even when you think they are going to be watched ... i showed a v cut nothing crazy so i thought this would be ok ... nope totally messed my hair.. and bang to my ears are cut to be bangs starting at my eye brows ... there was no checking of the student after ward and no check off . but she tried covering my chop with curls.. so nice attempt . you live and learn guess it will be another 8 month with out a trim to get my length back..	354
1	b-12/mic shots here are great in and out , appoitment times flexible and the staff is great	391
0	not a clean place , and staff are rude and rough . made me bleed and did not even apologize ! the men are rough .	2197
0	i live literally walking distance from this eatery . my husband and i decided to order a large pizza to go . almost $ 30 for a large pizza ? ! ? ! ? are you kidding me ? the pizza was good but nothing out of the ordinary ... . $ 5 hot n readys from now on ... .	192
0	absolutely horrible . waited around all day for a tech to come and setup internet between 8-5 . ridiculous time frame to begin with . nobody shows up and when i call to ask they say they ca n't get in touch with the technician . they then say i can wait another hour in case he shows up and if not call to reschedule . worst customer service ever . i was hoping that i would just get the internet hooked up then not need to contact their terrible customer service ... somebody has to hook it up first . 0/5 stars	3319
0	their soup and ramen are very salty . i do n't recommend them if you are sensitive to salt . i tried them a couple times already hoping it was just the soup that days . i wo n't go back there anymore .	131
0	this place is seriously the biggest joke ever . the only friendly person was edgar the front desk guy , everyone else 's bedside manners were just down right aweful . i took my daughter in because i thought her ankle was broken they ordered an xray . thankfully i work for a radiologist because we found out she did in fact break her ankle . the results were sent stat fax back to them and they called me 2 days later to give me the results . thx guys she was already seen by an orthopedic dr and was casted 2 days ok . unacceptable ! ! ! no one should ever take anyone here .	535
0	thanks for your response sarah , glad you monitor these reviews . was n't expecting much feedback from this business , as i never even received any , but just wanted to share my experience so others are aware !	147
0	julie was our server . very unfriendly . uninterested and grumpy . hardly checked on us . and when she did she did n't ask if we wanted anything else , just left the check and walked off . had a permanent scowl on her face . spoke to multiple friends who said they also had her and will never return . very disappointed . wo n't be coming back . she 's like a black hole sucking the kindness from you . was n't a pleasant experience .	1487
1	went twice during the trip once for lunch and then the next night for just drinks . they are amazing when we walking in as they were closing but it did not matter . we were in las vegas for my friend 's 40th birthday and they were like `` awesome come on in '' ! the drinks were very good . not a fan of my `` old fashion '' they make it very different with seltzer water ... ..i know i know then its not an `` old fashion '' but hey its how they make it . they have a great selection at the bar and even with them cleaning and packing up for the night they were awesome !	1538
1	they have some pretty bomb flavors and toppings . my new go to frozen yogurt place in phoenix . the staff was really kind too which makes a difference .	1454
1	went to express auto spot after looking for a car online . i called them and asked about the car . the lady was nice . we set up a time to see it . when i got there , i walked into the dealer and was asked if i needed anything . i said i had an appointment . the lady i talked to came up front and showed me the car . we took it for a test drive . everything was fine . so i got the car . the appoint with buying the car took about 2 hours all together . i was really happy that this was an easy transaction .	3305
1	this has better selection than goodwill ! store was laid out cleanly and a lot was available , especially in terms of clothes . prices were beyond reasonable . and i 'm used to shopping in oklahoma ! would recommend !	2646
0	not the same as it used to be . watered down margaritas and food was just ok. we used to come once a week . not anymore . seems like new management ?	1346
0	busy hotel in the middle of down town . staff was nice , but the hotel itself was not impressive . the room was outdated , internet was expensive , and really there was nothing that would make me want to come back . much prefer to stay at the marriott .	1690
1	next to harkins theaters . came here on a friday night about 9:30pm very busy slow moving line , there were two young workers who seemed to keep their cool and still tentative to the orders and friendly . ***ordered the large hot stone strawberry blondie w/ whipped cream on top in a waffle cup , price was about $ 7 & change and very yummy .	1523
0	do n't go here . the guy pockets your money if you pay in cash ( wo n't give you a reciept ) and says if you do n't pass your smog test you will have to pay the full fee again for retesting . super unprofessional people .	2208
1	great little pharmacy . it has everything a big box store has but just all pharmacy related . i do have to go as per my insurance , but every time i go in everyone i very helpful and on top of everything .	3283
1	bob randall , bob randall , bob randall ! ! ! ! go ask for him . he gave me the best car buying experience i have ever had . everyone at the dealership treated us great ! bob catered to my every need , was patient with my indecisiveness , and got me everything i was looking for in a vehicle . i came all the way from pittsburgh to check out this dealership and it was worth the trip . mbono is definitely a dealership that puts the customer first ! got a 2014 cla and plan on staying a client for the next one .	2012
0	well , i am apparently the minority but i will not be headed back . i picked up many items and were not thrilled with any of them . i even had to take one item back for a re-do . i had other items to take back but the owner and i did n't agree on what was `` even '' so i did n't waste my time arguing . they were all very friendly and helpful , but the money , i am not impressed . their prices are high and they only accept cash . to most their work is probably fine . but , if you are like me and am super picky with your alterations , i would keep looking .	2702
1	i always passed this place never thought of going in until now ! glad i did their fried flounder , fried okra and coleslaw is to die for . staff was super friendly . i will be making another trip there !	501
1	i went into this place to ask some questions about a room for my upcoming move . i spoke with the manager , shannon who was super nice and answered my questions . he sat with me and helped me determine exactly what size i will need and gave me all the information i will need when i 'm ready to rent . when i 'm ready to rent , i 'm sure the manager will take good care of me .	2065
0	service is abysmal ( no exaggeration ) . wings are great but unfortunately not worth the wait . over 2 hours from start to finish for wings . i could have driven to east coast wings in kannapolis , ate and drove home in the same amount of time with way less frustration . this place could be so good but in the end it is just not . maybe we will try again next year .	1248
0	hear a ton of bad story 's about this guy , him and his wife are crooks . mainly writing this to remind myself not to go here , and stop my friends from going here .	3623
0	the beverages are good but the service is deplorable . i was appalled by the batista 's condescending service . if you want high quality service , then look elsewhere . this is a place where your money wo n't go a long way - the batistas will be rude no matter if you tip them or not .	2163
0	ran by a bunch of kids who do n't know anything about customer service . there were two people ahead of me in line and after their order was taken , the cashier left the register and proceeded to chit chat with with her co workers . not once did she acknowledge that we were waiting to be served or apologize for the wait . there were four girls behind the counter and all knew we were there waiting for our order to be taken . we left and went some where else .	551
1	this location is well kept . the isles are nice and clean which makes it easy to find what you need . wide alcohol selection also which is a plus in my book .	3935
0	i come here every month to pay my rent . and every time i 'm here i sit in the drive up teller for 15 minutes waiting for somebody to come to the window . its very slow and understaffed .	2760
1	i 've always had a great experience . the staff is efficient & friendly . i usually have enough time to run in for my morning coffee at tim 's while the car is being cleaned . i give the location 5 stars based on the quality x time x cost ( approx . $ 30 with turtle wax ) , which is cost-effective to me . after service , keeps my car generally clean for 2-3 weeks depending on the season & my dog 's paws . i return often .	2256
1	the place was clean , service was friendly and timely when i went on a thursday evening but they were pretty busy so i can only imagine how busy they can get on a weekend . the wings and fries were cooked just right but the nachos were stale . overall its a cool place to hang .	1520
0	the employees are rude . i wanted to get some piercings done and i got major attitude from them . i have had piercings done before and i never had to pay for the jewelry separate . for the basic jewerly cost $ 64 and up . so for two simple piercings it would cost me over $ 130 . i did n't even want fancy or decorative jewelry just the basic . i would n't recommend this place to anyone .	2790
1	awwww , chicago style dogs , almost . first visit to the dog and i liked it . big all beef dogs with lots of options for add ons . picked their suggestions for a chicago style dog and it came close to those that we 'd get when we lived in the city . loved the tots with a variety of dipping sauces . the garlic aioli was my favorite .	1407
0	cost is reasonable quality of food is horrible . the served my pork bone soup cold it felt like from fridge n pot in stove for few minute happen twice will not again . order a bento box sashimi one time the fish was still frozen with ice . their tempura batter was still uncook from inside complaint and they did nothing . very unhappy with the woman waitress took her 30minutes to bring my rice with my food i have to remind her . her service was bad	1101
0	went there to buy a car today . walked around the lot for 20 mins and another 15 mins wandering around inside . so in 35 mins at a car dealership and not a single person even said hello ! ? ? ?	2610
1	suddenly grocery shopping is so much more fun . i always beg my husband ... `` please , just let me take a look at the clothes ... '' and then wind up filling my shopping cart with sweaters , jackets , socks ( great socks ! ) and t-shirts ... because , well , they 're all so cheap ! nice work joe ! ! and the ad campaign is also totally brilliant ! just a note ... at this location there is a fantastic stand-alone joe fresh store , with way more selection . but i also like the clothing sections built into the grocery stores !	3517
1	great customer service . very accommodating ! thanks brunswick ! party of 10 in lanes 1 & 2 on valentine 's day ! we 'll be back ! ! !	2235
0	this restaurant is a disgrace to mexican food . the cheese sauce is definitely right out of a jar and the chicken is 100 % frozen chicken that you buy already in strips at the grocery store . whatever you do , run far away from this place if you want any sort of a decent meal .	1558
0	the two front desk girls really made everything a negative experience management would never do anything about the girls being mean to their own coworker and/or the patients . it was even hard to work there , the only people who were nice and actually sincere and cared about the patients was the front desk manager . the doctor would n't even talk to me when i would see him everyday .	3928
1	this place is immaculate . i love this hotel . the staff is so welcoming and the customer service is excellent . i especially enjoyed my interaction with chhaya at the front desk . she was very helpful . she was also very knowledgable . i will definitely recommend this location to all of my friends and family .	1859
0	i was never acknowledged that i was there , vivian just kept ignoring me and then i asked her to trim shorter and she kinda made fun of me . as she was massaging my feet she put all the used equipment in the water then when done she put my feet in the dirty water as well . she messed up my polish and had to ask her to come over and fix it . worst pedicure ever i have ever gotten . will not be going back	2297
1	a great place to grab some light tasting pastries . they have a nice selections to choose from . the owner and staff are very nice and friendly . the shop is very clean and the lounge area is nice and comfortable you can just eat you pastries and have a great time	1108
1	when i travel to toronto , i either stay here or at the park hyatt . the whc is a nice hotel and it really suits most budgets . the restaurant is ok , but i highly recommend walking around toronto and finding a unique place to dine . it 's convenient that they have a starbucks in the hotel , and the pool and athletic facilities are quite nice , too . there is a bar on the top level that i have yet to venture to , but i 've heard good things . there is a thai restaurant on the same street that i highly recommend avoiding .	1859
1	one of the best buffets & cheap prices . the food is made with love . total for two with beverages comes out to approx $ 23 for lunch tip not included . the maduros are a must have and the hibachi .	1302
1	quick tip : the dim sum is pretty good for the price ; however , the combo lunch/dinner hot food was quite bad . it tasted sour and lacked seasoning . definitely was n't that fresh , although it looked pretty under the heat lamps .	2069
1	this is the newly renovated one located on riverbend . it 's eat all you can for 27.99/head . very good taste and quality of food . the service was good though the staff was confuse with our orders- we did n't mind cause we got pauses in between our orders that allowed us to digest . there were too many choices though that gets confusing sometimes though it 's okay once you look at several times !	206
1	this gym has a very cool design ! the equipment is brand new , it 's never crowded , it has every type of machine and free weights . it 's also a very casual environment so it feels like a comfortable place to work out .	3898
1	very nicely renovated . i would highly recommend . i would give it more stars but it took a while for the staff to notice me at check-in .	1741
0	this starbucks is not up to snuff . they have been slow . they are always out of something . i 've found myself dealing with a trainee who had n't had enough training to handle being a cashier ; he could n't even handle ringing up a mocha .	44
1	sisig fries tho ahaha so bomb especially when ur drinking a nice cold beer with it ... i do n't recommend going here on college night tho unless it 's a frat or sorority event . no one really dances and everyone comes past 10 or as we speak filipino time . good for dinning bad for turning up ahaha	817
0	worst service ever . left within minutes of being seated regardless of the waitress telling us ( a party of two ) to sit after she cleaned the table , and then getting bumped out of it when we were first in line for a party of three . i 'd give it a zero-star review if i could .	1123
1	came on a weekday morning with bf to avoid the weekend crowds and we definitely enjoyed our experience here food : 5/5 ordered a bunch our staples : lotus leaf wrapped sausage and sticky rice , preserved egg congee , egg yolk bun . and they were all pretty bomb ! employees were walking around with carts full of dim sums . super cantonese style some items in the cart are off the menu service : 5/5 super friendly and funny staffs.willing to explain everything despite the language barrier . environment : 3/5 bit outdated lobby and washroom are particularly sketchy overall 4/5 , will return ! and we were told on weekends , there are more variety of dim sums	0
0	dismal service . they messed up my order by not putting any espresso in my double espresso order . everyone makes mistakes- that 's not the issue with this starbucks . what got me writing this review is the fact that there was no apologies- as if it was my fault . the girl opened the cup and pointed to the drink and said there is the espresso . then went on to make me a drink that was made correctly . avoid this location if you have the option .	2242
1	so here 's an update to my initial review for gold 's gym . scott , the director for the personal training programs ; assisted me in canceling my personal training program i had signed up for . he was really nice , professional , & very timely/efficient . my refund of my deposit was sent back to me as per what was told to me & there were zero issues . i have to say , i 'm really impressed . i know this gym does n't have a ton of glowing reviews but they really deserve a billion gold stars from my perspective . i will definitely be referring others here . : )	2338
0	i went in for gel nails ... this guy whos nail technicin certificate had expired started doing acrylics ... i said im here for gels . they said this is how we do gels ... so they do a full set of acrlics and the the gel polish on top . how stupid . i kept having to ask for then shorter and it took 45 min for my nails to be done . i hate this place and their employees and will never be back .	3497
0	only had timbits available at 12 am on a friday night . and was very rude about it . me and a freind came here expecting a late night snack and the lady spoke to us as if we were n't even suspose to be there	3675
1	best pet hotel ever . they know my mom 's dog by name and make her feel comfortable leaving her there . she even gets a doggie report card when she picks her up .	3108
0	service is blah . wings are worse no matter the flavor you get this weird sweet unpleasant after taste . definitely not worth the money . if you want good wings go across the street to native .	1395
0	really bad ! trash and toilet paper all over the balconies and pool area , people yelling from balcony to balcony . clogged sink and bath tub . the bed is not made for a good night sleep ! ! i heard the rooms had been renovated and maybe some have , but not the one i got . in general the place is not good . the upside was , i checked out at 8pm and was refunded my money with no hassle ! but i do n't recommend staying there !	2976
0	staff is friendly ; but- only 1 star because of the 3 cars i 've had from this location- 2 smelled of smoke and whomever `` detailed '' the car must have been blind and smell def . absolutely disgusting . if you 're a smoker- you 're disgusting too .	2177
1	shamika is amazing ! i was so nervous to get my hair colored again . over the years i 've been pretty adventurous with color and my hair was so damaged because of it . so i had n't colored my hair for over a year . i was getting bored with it but was so nervous . shamika did such a great job ! she took real good care of my hair and the color is phenomenal ! i 've never had better color before . i 'll keep going back to her .	2577
1	this place rocks . its just small and not that many tables . the food is outstanding ! anything fried here takes amazing . price is great value . i would come here again and again ! thank you koo koo ! come to brampton .	566
1	hired duane to complete some work at our house . both times he visited completed the job without any hassles , was extremely professional , courteous , and his prices were fair . highly recommended .	3754
0	my son and i stopped for a leisurely meal before getting on our flight . looked like a cute diner theme ; too bad everything tasted like old grease . perhaps they should clean their grill more than once a week .	6
0	this dealership does not honor mopar warranties . wife took jeep commander in for warranty battery replacement . they charged $ 51.50 in labor and $ 49 pro-rate to replace a battery that was 12 months old with a 18 month free replacement warranty . this is my last jeep ! !	1910
0	horrible service . they have one teller for a line of 15 people . meanwhile they have another person asking you what you need in the line instead of opening another window . plus they charge 10 dollars for cashier checks and smith 's charges .50 cents .	12
1	i always stay here this place is great deal .they are real nice very clean and neat	2650
1	came to see a movie on the way out of town in imax , located just inside the palms thru a food court area . good sized theater not a bad seat in the house . popcorn and drink deals reasonable . heard that have good deals on certain days off the week , but went on a friday so i would n't know . the only weird thing is the bathroom is located outside the ticket collection area .	491
0	my child fell down their stairs during the kid fitness class and no one told us ! when her dad went to check on her in the babysitting area , she was sitting with an ice pack on her head . no other care was given for a possible spinal injury ! ! ! the teacher never talked to him and no report was filed since no one had him sign any paperwork . my child has a swollen neck and we have heard from no one regarding this . this is not a safe place to take your child !	2750
0	tried to spend my money but all four people behind the counter wo n't even acknowledge my presence . no one is in the shop . i guest i they do n't want my money . excellent service for invisible people . i do n't recommend this place unless your a white women with 36dd .	203
1	absolutely love my apartment ! building is kept spotless and is a great price for the area . the office ladies have been very helpful and kind and i really appreciated the welcome basket in my apartment when i moved in . little things like that mean a lot . highly recommend !	3852
1	the bagels are great and the staff are friendly . definitely recommend getting lox on whichever bagel you choose . the bagels are baked in-store and very fresh if not a bit small . salads come with whatever you order so there 's no issue of being hungry after .	995
0	it 's a very friendly place . nice lady 's but i give it a 1 star only because it seems like they do n't seem to keep up with sanitation . i took my daughter to get her brows waxed and the sheets seem to have never been washed . wax is all over the floor and all over the furniture . everything was dusty . the room in general was not a good setting for wax services . decided to just go next door .	685
0	atrocious service . was there twice and perhaps never again . it 's enough to say , that after 45 min of waiting ( and starving ) we finally asked the server politely , `` hey , where is our food ? `` , to which he nonchalantly replied that he totally forgot about the order . oh , did i mention that it 's overpriced as well ?	1271
0	i used to love this place , they were always friendly and did a good job on my feet . but my mother went in for a visit and granted her toes are n't the prettiest , but she cant help it and is already very insecure about them , one of the girls asked my mom what she did for her work and my mom told her and said that she is basically on her feet 24hrs a day , the tech replied ' i sit for my job do you think my ass looks as bad as your toes '' never again will they be gettin our service or friends sevice . i can not believe she insulted my mother so badly !	838
1	great job ! nice staff and quiet environment , also they have a huge variety of shellac colours !	142
0	very bad customer service , rosa is a rude not helpful attendant . they messed up my order the day before and told me they would replace and today i came and did n't want to help or correct their mistake .	322
0	stop in with my son who lives in lyon fr . ordered escargot . worst i have ever had . terrible ! nothing freanch about it . unsatisfactory	429
1	my son had a blast and came home soaked in sweat . he 's 9 and even loved the little kid area with the yoga balls ! our first time was for a birthday party , we 'll definitely be back !	1664
1	great staff , never a long wait . dr. duhaime is amazing ! did everything she could to make sure i had the best vision with my odd eye issues . i will be a patient for life ! you may be able to save a few bucks at one of those awful mall places on your glasses , but you will never get the proper care or service like you will here . it 's so worth it !	1865
1	so i call ahead and they are saying everything i want hear ! ! ! yes it 's in stock yes we have rentals we close at 7 ! then i get to the store and rebecca greets me with her wonderful caramel eyes and has the most awesome disposition ! ! awesome service and right on time	3359
1	awesome sales and service experiences ! everyone we talked to over the phone and in the store were courteous and professional . i refer all my friends there . i 've even told friends from out of state to call them . i especially love how easy it is to buy a car through the internet department . sands kia rocks !	624
0	this was the worst nail salon experience i 've ever had . me and mom came in for a pedicure and we were the only people in there , this should 've been our first hint . both girls we had for our pedicure were very unfriendly and made us feel like we were unconvincing them by being there . our pedicure was terrible , it was 15 minutes ! ! they gave about a one minute courtesy `` massage '' to each of us , definitely not the pedicure experience . neither of us will ever go back here ! !	2372
1	beautiful store , great deals , nice people ! what else could you ask of in a retailer ?	223
0	my boyfriend treated all 6 of us out after winning luckily on slots . i had the dungeness crab legs which were dry , did n't taste fresh . that 's expected since vegas is out in the desert . $ 30+ for it though ... pretty pricey and the meat was dry . my bf enjoyed his sushi plate . everybody had something different , the sides were good . but i ordered garlic fries as a side and got regular fries . sigh . nothing too great about this restaurant , not great enough that i would come back .	603
1	absolutely love this fry 's . my kids light up to see gladys in the deli and today miss shannon in floral saved a little surprise for each of my kids . what amazing and kind hearted employees . thank you for your genuine friendliness each and every time we visit .	3935
0	came in at 4:30 on a sunday for a simple alignment and tire rotation . service hours posted are until 6:00pm . it took them 10 minutes to say they are n't accepting any more work for the day . as i leave i see 3 employees just standing around talking watching me leave . nice one guys .	959
1	hard to find quality jewelry shops here in las vegas nv . so , when you do you keep coming back for service .	2307
1	i only order coffee and they always brew me a fresh pot of decaf i usually do the drive through in the pm . they also honor my extra large coffee when i redeem my pinch card . best coffee on town .	1761
0	horrible . the little blondey that is the so called `` manager '' needs to go back to training . not only is her voice annoying but she is a midget with an attitude . will never come here again .	1822
1	i am such a fan of this place . the hotel is clean , modern and everything you 'd expect from a marriott brand . but for me the staff is outstanding . they are so friendly and helpful . they go out of their way to make you feel welcome and appreciated . i had a slight snag with the shuttle but mention it to a staff person in passing and it was immediately addressed . i could n't be happier with the results . i wish there was a bit more in walking distance but the shuttle offered by the hotel fixes that problem .	230
1	if you need real chicago style food in your life then this is the place . the chefs name is pizza mike for a reason . incredible taste in a bar/casino/casual eatery setting . great food at a great price ! !	1295
1	art , art ... he 's the man , if he ca n't swoop you up , nobody can . i had the pleasure of contacting art during the '09 sema show for a ride to the strip club for a group of 5 . i never met the dude but he hooked us up fat . i wo n't get into tooo much detail , but one word says it all : free , this and that . catch my drift .	2098
1	roberto 's has the best carne asada burritos and the fixin 's at the salsa bar are tasty . red and green sauce and spicy carrots and lime wedges . also enjoy the 3 rolled tacos with guc .i do agree with some of the reviews about the place being a mess . but that is some of the appeal to most taco shops . i mean risking your life for good tacos and burritos is exciting and i also agree this place is perfect after a late night of drinking .	322
1	in town for business and decided to give this place a try . i was n't disappointed one bit ! great selection of taps and , based on the recommendation of damien , i had the kentucky bourbon burger . it was very good ! luke and damien are a couple of cool guys as well .	957
0	so big fan of buffalo wild wings . i 've been to the tempe location many times and as a sports bar they have games on and play the sound from the games . this location , they were blasting club music . even after we asked if they could play the sound from the game or atleast turn the music down they said the first week management wanted music way up . i think i still have headache from being there . at some point they will figure out what they need to be and thats a sports bar with good beer , wings , and sports . i am willing to amend my review if things change .	383
0	as an online student , devry has never failed to constantly remind me that i should regret ever enrolled in their school . worst school experience ever . do n't waste your money here . i have had to file several complaints over the years . good luck if you ever need help .	1081
0	i went with my daughter to sit with her while she had her nails redone because the first time they did them they were horrible . they were very rude too her charge her more money to fix their mistake.. lily was the girl that fixed her nails and while she had her sitting in the pedicure chair fixing the mistake they made she was talking in her language to all the other nail techs which made them stop look away from their customer and stare at my daughter so you know that they were talking smack . i would never spend a dime in this place very very rude and a lot of bad work came out of that place	2297
0	this company is a sham . they fixed a part . warranty for 30 days and two weeks after the 30 days was up , broken again . keep charging for the same part . came out today ( after waiting 3 weeks for them to fix it ) and within an hour the washer is broken again . worst company in las vegas . terrible customer service . they made me give a star to write this or i would take stars if i could ! ! !	3885
0	it was not busy when i came . it took them 24 min to have my food ready . i have been asked to sit on a table . place not so clean . when my beef kofta and rise with chicken served from a teenanger which he only moving his head indicating that he understands not a word of english came out of his mouth even when i asked about my forgotten drink , i realize that meat was burn . for several hours after i digest it with a terrible flavors and feelings from my stomach and mouth . never again ...	808
1	seriously amazing customer service . matt spent a solid 2.5 hours with us and was never pushy . i 'd recommend it to anyone ! !	3553
0	worst experience ever . the girl at the counter , may montoya , was the rudest person i 've ever dealt with . i 've been going there 10yrs , always had outstanding customer service . she was horrible . if i did n't know better , i 'd never return . luckily i know everyone else gives great customer service , so i 'll be back . i will try to avoid her though .	1778
0	i ordered wings for delivery . nothing beats biting in to a wing and finding pink/raw meat . disgusting .	902
1	i found the service to be exceptionally friendly . more importantly , the floral arrangements were modern , unique , and tasteful -- the opposite of the sort of neon-dyed ftd horrorshows i 'd been hoping to avoid . you wo n't find grandmotherly tulips , carnations , and roses here , only lovely nature-inspired designs . my friend was delighted by her get-well bouquet .	2585
1	victor was awesome ! really informative and helped us out to get the best deal . personable , gave us space when we needed it and did n't feel pressured . thank you victor !	3738
1	this urgent care was the most pleasant and quickest one i 've been to . the staff is so nice and friendly . they made me feel very comfortable and took care of all my needs . they even fill your prescriptions here , which is totally convenient . they are even open every day until 9pm ! i will definitely return here and will recommend them to my family and friends .	2435
0	good food , garbage service like any other low end chinese cuisines	146
0	very disappointed i have chosen this place for year now in the las two times my eyebrows got infected and bleed , my nails are not even closed of what i have requested yesterday i went with my dtr requested pedi and an refill and because they are concentrated to talk not provide quality customer service the guy jhon did not do my correct color neither the pedicure x me and my dtr , please do n't go to this place their service is terrible and they are pricy my dtr requested powder glitter and the lady did what she wanted her and charge 58 dollars . i dont mind paying x service but everytime the service is worst and worst .	3333
0	scheduled an 8 am oil change did n't leave until 9:00 . informed me that my car had two broken springs on the drivers side and when i told them that i would take my car to the dealership for an estimate they came back in 5 mins later and told me that they were mistaken and they thought i owned a different car that they were working on . could be an honest mistake , but it seemed fishy . either way , an hour f for an oil change that was scheduled in advance is completely unacceptable . will never go there again .	3277
0	poor customer service was an understatement for this store . the store was a ghost town but yet no representative even acknowledged my existence . i will not return and will certainly alter my purchasing for my company 's needs .	1782
1	my husband has to get treatments and waiting for kidney transplant from mayo clinic . bernadette cesare of ashley homestore helped me furnished and get delivery on time for an apartment we rented . she is very helpful , professional and friendly . i will definitely recommend anyone to shop in ashley home store on mayo blvd..	3738
1	i been coming here since i moved to phoenix 4 years ago and love it here . they 're super friendly and i always walk out with pretty feet and nails ! i especially love love love when natalie does my pedis and annie does my powder polish mani . i initially walki in there with super short , bitten of nails , ugly nails and now they 've grow so nicely ! you must go and get your manis and pedis here . you wo n't regret it !	415
0	i live down the street from this smith 's , but will now start going to the one on green valley . every time i have gone here over the last month their shelves are not stocked with the sale items . they stock the more expensive items so you are forced to buy them . i am constantly hounded by this girl walking around trying to push their credit card . i am here to shop if i want a credit card i 'll apply for one . also workers doing things in the isles wo n't move out of your way . the sweepers will run you over with their broom and not even care . worst experience ever .	1223
0	this place is a joke . worst i 've ever seen . forgot our food , low quality and nobody cares . fault in management and employees . go somewhere else	1214
1	i 've walked by numerous times and never went in as it was busy and i did n't have time to wait . i 'm really happy i did go in this time ! ! super friendly and really clean . the barber i got was very attentive to detail and really listened to my requests . a tiny bit on the pricey side but life has gotten expensive . i 'd totally go there again . thoroughly impressed . thanks for the great cut ! !	552
0	their employee randomly took my number from their appointment book and started messaging me and harassing me . i mean they did a pretty good job dyeing my hair , the cut was a little choppy . not sure if i would come here again .	3610
1	sam is always able to help out with my print jobs . the staff is always great and able to help with my problem .	1782
1	arizona florist 's is top shelf ! received many floral arrangements over the years but the mother 's day lilac 's can only be described in one word : gorgeous !	38
0	i like the variety of products , however , total wine has total unacceptable customer service . the associate helped us , however , we felt like 3rd class citizens . the employees at the cash register were not very friendly . they need a reminder , as any of us employed by any company , we stay employed because of our customers . total disappointment .	3199
1	lobster grilled cheese explains itself & their clam chowder is my fav so far ! ! ! it 's kind of a far drive for us , but well worth it* ; - )	1255
0	i have been going here for years . i use to like this place , not anymore . they just do not do a good job . if i am paying to have my car cleaned i want it cleaned . i should n't have to come home and finish clening the places they missed . i go every 6 weeks to get my car cleaned . i like to keep it neat . their service has gone way down . such a disappointment . they are close to where i live and it is so convenient . now i need to go out of my way or just clean it myself . what every happened to a work ethic ? ? ? ?	3616
1	i got exactly what i was looking for shopping here . i was looking for some floral accents for some glass jars i just got . of course it was sunday , and my first choice is always hobby lobby ... but they are closed . ( why do i always crave them on sunday . ugh ) anyway , i stopped in here and found some great options . i prefer realistic looking floral designs . there were a lot of fake looking options , but i was able to find some pretty ones that i was happy with . bonus is that they were on sale ! never under estimate jo-ann for crafty things : ) they are surprisingly good .	1937
0	the worst massage i 've ever had . my neck is stiff and bruised ! super annoying . the could use a remodel too .	2346
0	you can make an appointment but they wo n't show up ! made a 9am appointment . 9:00 passes , no one showed up , called and their response was `` oh i 'm busy i 'll be there at like 10 now . '' said ill take my business else where . do n't want to show up on time to a schedule appointment i 'm happy to give my money to someone else . i 'd give 0 stars if i could . customer service at your best !	3727
0	i 've been a member for a year now and have had nothing but bad experiences here . the staff and managers are rude and constantly talk down to you when you ask a simple question . they do n't like dealing with things so the always make you call their corporate offices if you have a problem . go to 24 hour fitness or eos but not this place	3268
0	i give it a 2 based on atmosphere . it is like going to the flea market of books and the customers act in kind . i love going to bookstores , my husband is a writer so it is one of our hobbies ... i enjoy looking for rare copies from great quirky writers and then sitting and drinking in the scene and this is not that kind of place . example- the only cormac mccarthy they had was the road , which i viewed while i saw kids shoving on each other and a dog barking at the front door .	3504
1	great to have in the team they very helpful and great prices personal are quick and really reliable and they speak spanish also im glad they are in las vegas thanx apc for been there for are company sincerly orange applince	3242
0	ordered the chocolate rugelach . stale . too sweet . would not recommend . i was told `` fresh but not necessarily baked today '' . it tasted a few days old .	3118
1	yum ! i ordered online . great customer service . awesome subs . this is a great sandwich shop .	517
0	we really wanted to like dr. mike . but after several off color comments , delays in communication from the office , and most recently dr. mike joking about offering a sex change procedure for our five year old son , we are no longer going back to palo verde pediatrics .	3570
1	excellent dentist and hygienists . very friendly staff . i was given an honest quote for work that needed to be done , that was much cheaper than a quote at a different office in vegas . they also give the most generous gift basket i 've ever seen from a dental office . they have all the modern equipment including a stand up xray machine that looks like something from star trek !	2779
0	this place is terrible . the service was terrible ordered appetizer did n't come until after crappy overpriced burgers . never got a refill on water or ice tea.not sure why so many people take their kids to a bar/restaurant . thought i was at chucky cheese .	1323
0	if i could give it zero stars i would . this place sucks , i went to return my items and was told no , that i can only get store credit . mind you i bought these items 24 hours ago and had my receipt . no one said anything and this `` store policy `` is not posted anywhere other than the very bottom of the receipt . she tried to tell me the credit card machine does n't give refunds , we 'll good thing my bank does . i will refuse the charge .	1446
1	rooms are very large . pools are awesome . workers very polite . only negative is the units are a little dated . but hard to complain when the rooms are soo spacious . the deck was ginormous !	1057
1	love love love ck ! ! i absolutely love the way ck clothes fit on me . i am a weird size , im short but athletic so their body fit styles work perfect for me . i love the styles and colors they have and for the most part their customer service is always friendly ! they also give out military discounts : ) always a plus ! ! !	1655
1	great food and service ! we stumbled upon it too due to coupon , and so glad we did ! need to get the word out about this place , it is a best kept secret in the north end right now !	967
1	one of my favorite places to get a brew and relax . great neighborhood feel and always some locals drinking alone at the bar chatting with the bartenders . and i 'll tell you what , i love a place where i feel comfortable enough to have a beer by myself without feeling like a raging alcoholic . very mixed crowd where everyone is welcome . definitely the right mix of dive bar and neighborhood hangout .	717
0	they ripped off my sister and were discussing in their language how they were going to apply extra charges . never again .	1834
1	i love zias . i walk in there with the intention of buying one cd and leave with a handful . the staff is pretty helpful but i rarely ask them for help . the music they play is often too loud to shop but i wo n't give them bad marks for that .	2648
0	pool was dirty . as we left pool we asked for new towels and they said they would put new ones for us . they did not . we got back from a day of being in the hot sun and there was no clean towels . i went to front desk and the 2 guys were being full towel nazis . such a shit place .	3772
1	the staff ( i think the owner was helping us ) provided excellent customer service when we purchased our first hookah setup . we are definitely coming back !	2568
0	this is the worst hotel i have ever been to . they are liars and have inflicted unnecessary charges . they have damaged my car .	1859
1	good food and service . i wish the entrance was protected more because the hot or cold air comes slamming in through the front door . the vegi salad is really good . i usually get the onions on the side since it can be too much . i love their iced tea . the patio on the east side of the building is perfect on warmer days . this is a great go to for us when we do n't want to think about where to go .	1116
1	the best thing about this place is that it never closes . i personally love the pancakes here .	346
0	the food was ok but was charged 10.00 a piece for 2 margaritas on the rocks because they used patron without asking if i even wanted to shelf ! ! ! $ 20.00 for two watered down drinks is a rip off ! !	717
0	update : the repair completed on my phone ended with an expanded battery which is why the back of my phone was never flush . meaning it was damaged during the repair screws where missing and the lcd screen was pulling away from the frame with lines and not responding . called the owner he 's a really peach of a guy , bless his heart . no refund and out a 900 phone . the only reason why they have good reviews is they make individuals write a review for a discount . dont go to them ! wish the yelp stars really reflected the true service and quality of work .	2930
0	please think twice when buying a pet from petland ! the latest ... .. petland insurance requires to purchase 3 items a quarter ( food being one ) but what do you do when they do n't have the food you have been purchasing in the past ? ? ? ? ? ? ? when your dog has sensitive stomach you ca n't just switch to another kind . yes , they ran out of food and they still make you liable if you do n't purchase three items !	1894
1	the food is very good i personally love the orange duck ; that 's pretty much all that i order . but the restaurant overall is very nice ... i like the decor , it 's very modern but simple : )	1366
0	very bad customer service , indifferent and rude ! people were waiting to be checked in not knowing who was next . the majority of the sales associates were lacking any signs of motivation or urgency to take care of customers . we were just waiting to purchase a car charger and the associate who finally checked us in said the next sales associate would be right with us . steer clear of this store location . it 's hard to even think they are paying these imbeciles $ 10.00 an hour or more ...	3037
1	a great hole in the wall restaurant . i 've been coming here with my friends for years since high school . the food is delicious and fairly priced . the owners are very friendly and welcoming . i have no idea what the previous reviewer is talking about because there is no buffet at silver palace .	1524
1	stood around for a while in the computer section waiting for someone to help . i had to walk over to two people talking to say i wanted to buy a computer . the associate in the gaming section came right over when we were browsing over there . clean store .	3192
1	i love this place . this has been the only place i 've found near me that has live blood worms and ghost shrimp for a reasonable price . they have a huge selection of aquarium plants and freshwater fish . they have pet you normally do n't see at a petsmart or petco . all the employees are very helpful and friendly and the owners are very nice . i love how they have rescues there on the weekend . that 's how i found the bark side rescue and kitts kitten rescue . the place is very nice looking and very clean .	2746
0	in town for work and was really excited to try this place . unfortunately , i was disappointed when i sat at the bar and was ignored . after five minutes of several workers looking at me without addressing me i left . i have found many other establishments in town who are friendlier and prompt with thier service which i will give my money to .	1127
1	enjoyed lunch here today on our way to bookman 's with a friend who had never tried thai food . we ate every last bit of the panang the server/cook/hostess brought . this leads to my only gripe : she was so busy in the kitchen that arriving guests were ignored until they trekked into the kitchen to find her . they definitely need a bell on the door ! that said , mango thai is reasonable and delicious - worth the hunt .	1133
1	it took a while waiting for somebody to get to us when we signed in to start a new account and took a while to set up an account , but the customer service by roosevelt waters was really good . he was friendly and explained everything thoroughly . he made us feel like we knew each other and were having a conversation with a friend .	2761
1	owners now bought it like 5 yrs ago and i had problems with the staff . i stopped going for a while but went back out of desperation and now just owners family runs it and it 's like night and day . they r very professional and great customer service now	1758
0	sorry for the low rating i think that someone besides management should know about our experince . first off i ordered on line , which is like going thur the drive though which actor joe pesci said it right they f you when you go thur the drive though https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=v66xdulprbm it was made yes , it was hard , cold , and i was very unhappy about it .	870
0	overpriced puppies , pushy & uninformed employees . some of the dogs were caged in small space . i told all my friends and co workers dont shop at this place .	1894
0	came here yesterday . omg ! ! ! i got a shake and ca n't believe how unpleasant it was , not o lu the taste , but they put cake mix in their shake . not sure if it 's only this location or all of them do it , but i 'll go to another location and see if anything is different . overpriced , bland and cake mix . smh	2548
1	out of town for business and needed a very urgent hair cut ! yelped this barber shop and when i arrived i notice the fresh clean hair cuts walking out ... i requested one of the barbers by the name of charley bonilla because of the amazing hair cut he had just completed and it looked perfect ! ! charley took his time and never did i feel rushed ! ! ! i would deff come back when i return to lv ! ! ! thank you charley !	761
1	i could not have asked for a better plumbing experience ! shawn was thorough and explained everything without being condescending . it was quite a lot less than i had prepared myself for financially too . the job was done right and i would recommend plumbsmart to anyone !	1975
0	i just witnessed the worse treatment ever towards an employee . i 'm assuming it 's the manager who is screaming her lungs off telling an employee to get it together & hurry up . mind you it 's full of customers in here ! ! ! why not help and discipline the employee later matter of fact in private ! ! i felt so bad for the employee getting yelled out like that in front of everyone . i am not going to be coming here until they fix this management situation just horrible ! ! ! horrible ! !	1023
1	large cheese pizza $ 6.00 plus awesome ! pizza is actually very good and ca n't beat the deal . will definitely be going there every time i 'm in pittsburgh .	662
1	i got the chicken bryan . massive portion ! good food at an affordable price . the service was great , our server was very patient with us .	873
1	i interviewed this business to take over my vacation home rentals in scottsdale . kim and her crew jumped right in and have been doing such an amazing job . my condos are spotless and kim is a pleasure to work with . i ca n't tell you how hard it is to find quality , reliable people so i feel super blessed to have found house spouse . a+++++	2029
0	i was very disappointed in the customer service that i received from jiffy lube . i went in with a coupon for a 29.99 oil change and walked out pay $ 80 for services that were not discussed beforehand . when dealing with mechanic 's i 've always been skeptical and this place did not change my mind . i am in need of an honest mechanic that is n't required by their employeer to upcharge the customer . i will never return to this place again .	2086
0	another bs mexican joint with worthless owners and employees , takes 30 minutes to get crap food .	857
1	anthony , matt and the rest of the reps at this location are the best . knowledgeable , friendly . great service. ! ! 10 +	1237
0	closed . went there today for lunch , was told rent went unpaid and staff was told friday that sat . was the last day open .	1529
0	this guy should find a different job where he does not come into contact with people . rude	2005
0	do n't ever buy a seat in the last row of their reserve seating theater . the seats do n't recline and the seats themselves are very uncomfortable . they 're small and the seat is short . you feel like you 're falling out of it .	491
1	i 'm a fan of jasmine buffet . you have to go with reasonable expectations though . there is always a lot of selection and most of the selections are fresh and tasty . they have a lot of seafood choices at night and on the weekends but i 'm not a fan of seafood . the sushi selection is nothing to rave about but it 's there . i 've never had a problem with service or the food .	1302
0	i called the clinic and asked what time they close and what is the latest time i can bring my cat for the appointment . they said that they open until 8pm and latest i can bring her at 7.50pm . however , when i show up that same day at 6.20sh with my stressed cat ( cats hate travels ) they told me that there is no doctor in facility ( doctor left at 6pm ) and that they are open until 7pm . that is unacceptable	3030
1	after we built our bbq island we looked all over the valley for quality outdoor bar stools . we were pleased to find patio star . not only did they have a good selection of quality bar stools we were also able to customize the cushions and lumbar pillows to tie into our existing outdoor furniture . the pricing was great . we actually also purchased an end table and cantilever umbrella also . the store kept us up to date on the progress of our order and it was delivered promptly .	2389
1	got a nice little tattoo from jesse . he did an excellent job and charged a little amount ! everything in the shop is really clean , and they take pride in their work . i am super stoked on my tattoo , and if i lived here i would definitely be going back !	2192
0	we ended up leaving arrowhead after about 3 years . my daughter is extremely afraid of the dentist . despite her history , they would refuse to let me go back with her until she was already freaking out . then they would let me come back . on top of that , i was made to feel like there was a problem with my parenting skills because of her anxiety . we switched to a new dentist who does n't have a problem letting parents stay with their kids-her first visit went extremely well .	1951
0	this company is a joke when i purchased the service they told me that if i move to transfer the service was going to be free . but they never told me that another 3year contract will start so when i moved i was shocked to learn that i had to pay $ 350 to install the service and my monthly was going to go up . i am very dissspointed since i only had one year left in the contract and knowing that they were not respecting the contract to me it was very unprofessional and unfair . i was going to renew the service but with this experience i 'll go somewhere else .	45
1	stopped in for lunch to grab a burger and beer . this place is legit . a great beer selection and the burger was awesome . as someone who used to work at a burger bar as a cook , believe me when i say the kitchen knows what it 's doing .	1046
1	the staff at caswells is very helpful and friendly . it is a little frustrating that there always seems to be an hour wait to get a shooting lane and to reserve a lane over the phone you have to be a member . while it is difficult to find ammo these days , they always seem to have ammo to use for their range . their pricing is fair and they have plenty of accessories to look at while waiting for a lane .	1128
1	i had some designer biker jeans that i needed taken in about 2 inches and she did a phenomenal job especially considering they had no inseam for her to work with . will definitely be coming back	3015
0	rude , lazy staff , and it 's a dangerous store . people get stabbed here . look it up .	1626
1	if u are renting a car & have a problem , stop & read this ! we had an accident & these people are the best in timely taking care of the problem & in price . i can not say enough kind words about this company . if u need a friend in las vegas to fix your car , go & see bumper medic !	2537
1	the best value next to cheap bottled water on the strip and a good place to ground yourself back to reality after paying up the nose for everything else ... but i 'm not so sure that makes sense since chipotle as a whole has always been a tad more expensive than other tex-mex fare . oh well . a burrito bowl here was cheaper than in nyc and it was centrally located .	214
0	got a haircut at manking grooming . not impressed ! the guy was nice but he totally screwed up my neckline . one side is rounded while the other one is a straight line that goes one inch higher then the other side , very weird . the worst neckline i had in years ! ! including tips it cost me $ 60 ! i will never go there again .	584
1	shaved ice was pretty good and fun . the food was also pretty yummy . just wish their dinner combos did n't end so early ( 8pm ) . if you 're planning to go fri/sat prepared to wait .	176
1	i 've visited this store many times and always fine the employees to be incredibly helpful . on my most recent trip i was in a hurry and pretty grumpy from an incident in the parking lot . even though i was n't happy or nice , ( i was n't mean either ) i was treated with respect and helped to get the items i was looking for , this really shows their commitment to great customer service . this store is always a pleasure to visit . thank you for always giving great service .	1884
0	i was craving for something healthy and from outside it looked good . although my boyfriend told me not go because he did n't like it i wanted to try it anyway . but i should have listened to him ... really disappointing , i wonder how you can fail making an acaï bowl without tasting acaï . too expensive for what it is , not worth trying . sorry !	9
1	located at meadows mall . depending on the time of day , this mall can get pretty crowded . plan accordingly for parking . i love jcp ! great place to shop for work clothes . they always have great sales and tons of coupons to use . today i went in right when they opened . the store was in perfect order and i received excellent customer service today . cora assisted with clothes and myliza was most helpful in the jewelry section . both were extremely knowledgeable and friendly . this location also has a sephora inside of it which is my weakness . great experience today . thanks ladies .	1536
0	one out of the five work trucks i had done sounds like wind is coming through . the other issue i had was that safelite forces you to take it to a body shop to fix more than 24 cu/in of rust . i think safelite should have people on the team know how to handle these repairs so as to not cost me thousands of dollars having a truck down for 3 days impeding my service with my business . very upset with this .	1988
1	amazing food ! i had the curry chicken and it was seasoned perfectly ! the ambiance is very chill . they have changed their address to 1334 n scottsdale road however it is in the same plaza as the old location . will def be coming back ! ! !	1325
0	we were passing through the area on our way back from hoover dam . i ordered a combination plate with a chicken enchilada and a chicken taco . the food was indifferent and the service was poor . the only saving grace were the chips and salsa . avoid .	340
1	robert is amazing in the liquor section ! ! he saved me with my christmas dinner wine selection ! plus i got double the bottles for the same price !	2201
0	overpriced , poor quality , bad customer service . do n't waste your money .	3501
1	scottsdale cab was awesome ! i needed a ride from my hotel to the airport so i could get back to portland , or for a client meeting . i was met by a comfortable car ( on time , too , which is pretty uncommon in my experience ! ) , free coffee from starbucks , and wifi ! holy moly ! talk about treating a customer well ! i got a ton of work done on the way to catch my plane ( ( brought my laptop ) so i was prepared for my meeting before i even hit the airport . i slept the whole way home . thanks , guys ! ! i 'll be sure to hit you up again !	52
1	this is a good place if you forgot to pick something up and it 's the middle of the night . they do have a lot of stuff.. including almond milk and greek yogurt . not bad if you 're in a pinch . that being said , not a nice vibe or ambience and some of the cashiers are really unfriendly . i would n't do my main shopping here but it 's nice to have it in the neighbourhood .	682
1	jeff was awesome ! i called him today for help with a roofing question for my client and he was able to get me my answer within the hour . so he gets my 5 stars for amazing customer service today .	3097
0	today was the last time that i will receive poor customer service at this pet store . i have gone there many times and have had sub-par service but the kid today was super rude . i will not go back . if i need special food i will go to the stock shop off thunderbird and 67th ave . they are always friendly and helpful and carry most to the same brands . they are a bit further away for me , but will drive the distance to avoid the bad attitudes of these people .	1775
1	loved the flavors and variety . the display is mouth watering . the owner is friendly and makes all her own recipes .	3611
0	complete assholes , came in to look at some things and run numbers and came across the worst employees ever . play games with numbers waste your time and have a cynical attitude . one prick even had the nerve to lowkey call me stupid . go fuck yourself bro , you 're a grown ass man selling dirt bikes . get a real job you uneducated swine . they slander their competition , and claim they can get better deals , worst most generic sales tactic ever . save yourself the trouble and time and go to ride now . come here if you want to be treated like shit and overpay for everything .	195
1	good food / nicely presented . friendly staff and a good selection of beers . you have to look for it because of the shopping plaza location , but definitely worth finding .	1253
0	do n't take your bike here . i took my r1 to get flush mount lights and a denali air horn put on . $ 169 later and i really mean later . it took them 3 hours ! ! ! it took the mechanic 1 hour to put one flush mount light on ... like seriously dude ? ? ? i put flush mounts on my last bike myself and know it 's fairly easy . i just wanted to find a good mechanic cause they were close to my home . they lost a customer who wanted to come back .	3702
0	i do not know why this business has such high ratings ! love the location , but have to say there are far better burrito restaurants not far away . i say hop back on the street car and head a few blocks either east or west on queen st. e. for a shot at really great burritos .	31
1	really thorough , conscientious job ! ! ! they kept in good communication and did everything i asked for . deep clean .	897
1	this place is excellent ! we were in vegas for a sports tournament . we needed a small and quick early morning breakfast . we did n't want a big buffet breakfast because it would weigh us down for the tournament . this place was perfect for us . the bagels were great . we got the farmhouse and it was plenty big and tasty . the coffee was excellent too . we will definitely come back here the next time we are in town and need a good morning bite to eat before a tournament .	1214
0	not a very clean place , and the espresso is really underwhelming and bitter . the crepes are tasty , but a lot of the menu items are deceiving . the owner told me her muffins and soup were homemade , however , she later admitted that they are both purchased at costco . it 's unfortunate that independent cafe 's are not interested in supporting other independent bakeries/products . overall , the atmosphere and food were not worth a trip back .	3684
0	the food was good ; portions very small . i had a salad that should have been listed as a `` side '' item and way overpriced at $ 9.00 ... nothing special about the salad and not worth more than $ 5 ; my husband had the pork paprikash and liked it but definitely left hungry due to small portion ... the pork came with no sides .	1463
0	the staff was extremely rude ! i had questions and they made me wait 5 minutes to ask and then looked at me as if i was stupid for asking questions . the doctor was pretty rude but he did a nice job on my teeth . can definitely use an attitude adjust here	1021
1	this new location is much nicer than the previous one , the service is great , nice decor , excellent staff and most of all the quality of the food	523
1	came in from out of town and really enjoyed this place last night . the crowd , ambience and service were all great . great hookahs at a reasonable price . check it out . you wo n't be disappointed .	3634
0	this store sucks . management needs to get the sales clerks all on the same page . one employee tells me i can use a coupon for $ 10 off of $ 25 , pretax , another tells me the $ 25 needs to be the post tax amount . my total ... $ 24.90 . what can i buy for 10 motherfuckin cents ? ? ?	223
1	denny 's has great prices and decent service . this location has good parking and is close to where i live . keep in mind there is also a waffle house and cracker barrell basically next door so they need to stay on their game to compete . denny 's is a franchise and nothing is very unique about this location . but they do it right so they get 4 stars from me .	346
1	i read alot of reviews about dr. tyre which made me real iffy about seeing her.. i showed up at 8:30 my apt was at 9 , i got seen around 9:15.. so was n't to bad of a wait she answered all my questions and concerns . did n't feel rushed at all . so far a good dr. !	3059
0	if i could give 0 stars i would waited 40 minutes in photo for none to come out finally i walked out service there is garbage i would n't ever recommend anyone to go waste their time or money there .	2843
0	do n't work with this company . they promise you the world and dont deliver . i should have done my research better about them . i had use my staff to finish their work . i replaced a roof with them , and when they claimed they were done , plumbing was left unconnected , electric contacts were sprayed all over , my tenants had over spray from their product , the stucco work was un even and crooked . i can go on for pages . this company does not care about the client except for filling their own pocket . dont work with them !	2725
1	we came here as part of the nosh las vegas food tour . we had been to the location at monte carlo and enjoyed it , but coming as part of a tour forced us to try things that we would n't normally order . that 's a good thing ! we tried the sausage and peppers pizza ( sausage , peppers and onions with red sauce ) and the tartufo ( truffle cheese , arugula and mushrooms ) . both were really tasty . each pizza would probably be good split between two people with a salad to share as well . you ca n't beat how fast the pizza cooks and that the wait is very short .	282
1	pretty good ! kalbi tang , sul lang tang , dul bok kee were all tasty and decent prices . would go again .	1290
1	i do n't eat thai food a lot so i ca n't tell whether it 's authentic or not , but the food is really good . really miss dry noodles a lot and pad thai is just soo good ! also miss spicy food and ca n't believe 3 is almost too much for me ! okay will still try 3 next time caz the hot feeling in your mouth is sooo wonderful . very thai style environment and nice staff as a whole . the only inconvenience is you need to go to the counter to check out	895
0	monster ich . it 's medication resistant . avoid them at all costs !	1078
1	really like coming here . the tea is fantastic and everyone that works here always has a smile on their face . thank you !	3238
0	the place was nice and decorated super cute.. but . i 'm sure there 's girls here that are really good but the one i had was horrible ! ! i asked for an overlay because my nails grow long by themselves and she kept burning me with the drill and shaped my nails uneven and ugly.. like , they 're all different . the acrylic is bumpy and not smooth.. i paid for the services but did n't tip her.. i wo n't be coming back here .	2326
1	this facility is great . the staff is incredibly caring and insighful . i was seen quickly , treated effectively and felt genuinely cared for the entire time i was there . dr. rhoton is very compassionate and so was all the staff i worked with . hopefully i do n't have to go back anytime soon but the next emergency i have i hope i 'm in the neighborhood .	350
0	nice place to hang , internet , fireplace , glass of wine ect . however , if you are looking for coffee , well the wine was better than the coffee . have a fully automated machines and making more of swiss coffee than real espresso .	2163
1	after living two years in peru , i always like scouting out peruvian restaurants wherever i travel . this place was one of the best and most authentic i have tried . we are going back . we have tried the tallarines verdes , aji de gallina , bistec a lo pobre , and the causa and it was all delicious	927
0	came here for a simple chain clean lube and tighten service . found when bike was finished the chain was super tight no slack whatsoever and walked back in and they told me that oh its because these bikes are complicated like the suzuki .i brought my 2014 s1000rr . i have always done service on all my bikes just no time to do it this time and when i asked for the name of the tech that did it the first time they would n't give it to me . i do n't know if i will trust this place with any major service for my bike a simple chain adjustment was too hard . then idk about this place	195
0	our server was the least attentive person i think i have ever met . i am guessing she was too absorbed by her flirtation with her coworker to do her job . i had a crispy chicken sandwich which lived up to its name . there was some fairly dried chicken and a lot of very seriously deep fried batter . it was n't the worst thing i have ever eaten but it was pretty lacklustre . my fries were warmish and spongy . this meal gave me serious heartburn . the best thing i can say about this place is it affords a great view of the toronto skyline .	2205
0	decent food , horrible service . three of us went . we all got our food at different times . my aunt was done eating before i was served . and i was halfway done before they brought mom 's out . had to ask to get refills on water until we were leaving and once the waiter dropped off the check he disappeared . so unless you are going to the movies or bowling there just do n't eat there . even then , you might try the deli . so different than primarily prime rib .	1255
1	i wanted to commend a few employees at this container store location . i hope i have all of the names correctly . two employees assisted me , one at the register and one in the closet section . laurie s. and allison were both really nice and knowledgeable . two employees that helped me take the products to the car that were also very helpful and friendly were karli and linda . also , an extra thank you to the manager shari for her help as well . thanks again to these employees for all of their assistance .	2716
0	i can honestly say this was the worst meal i have had in a long time . i 'll just give you the highlights . ambiance , looks like a construction zone , waitress/bartender , very nice but totally understaffed food wait , way too long i actually wish i took a picture of the fries . they were black ! lol once they go black , we tried to send em back lol ... she was to busy to even check on us . the four us us agreed we would never go back . this was our 2nd friday dinner choice ... should of gone for the mesa grill . this morning my stomach was cramping pretty hard . warning , avoid this place !	130
1	the service tech was polite on time and very knowledgeable ! i highly recommend all desert ! from customer service to their tech 's highly professional ! ! keep it up ! ! jules	3885
0	the absolute worst establishment iv ever been in , walked in , never got greeted , and a couple game in 5 min later and they got menus and a drink order before we were even acknowledged , they were busy so i get that , but to be greeted after is horrible , i asked for the manager , who was the person that didnt greet us first ! ! and i told her and all she had to say was `` yeah it got busy '' , and then walked away , didnt even get waters or anything , employees were working super hard and i think they should be replacing that manager because she is awful	882
0	i lost my jewelry in their spa and i went back to look for but people do n't care about it and their attitude is really bad . i am a chinese so maybe they think i am not native and they just do n't care about me , i called the police and try to reach their manager , they told me they can not give me manager 's phone number because it is privacy and their manager is on vacation , bullshit privacy they are bunch of racist ! and thieves ! ! ! ! bad bad bad service bad people racist took my jewelry it is worth 10,000dollars	154
0	only reason i 'm giving it this rating is when i came to the park the lights in the kids area were off and it was dark when it was burly 7pm	3471
1	i love the way the store is set up its so fast and convienent not to big to grocery shop especially . i m so grateful for living near the store im going to shop here weekly !	3810
1	i 've lived in the area 42 years now . this was one of my 1st pizza loves , and all these years later , still my favorite . always delicious pizza , hoagies are awesome too . as lots of pizza places have come and gone over the years , casa still is here and i hope they are many years to come . i usually do n't care to write reviews , however i tried another local pizza place recently and regretted it yet again . all that did was make me question why i bothered ? should have ordered here !	425
1	we have been going siena since 2012 . we have always been very , very happy with the caring and compassionate doctors and staff there . dr. keeney and her techs have been with us through the joy and tears of fur baby parenthood . we would not consider going to another office ... our expectations are exceeded at siena !	1700
1	this is my regular lunch stop when i am in stow . the food is fantastic . there is n't an item on the menu i have n't had and have n't enjoyed . come for the food , but stay for the shakes . if that is n't your thing go for the root beer on tap . it 's the best in town . the monthly food specials keep the menu interesting . the absolute best aspect of retro dog is the staff . i have n't met a better crew anywhere else . in short , this place receives two lion fists up from voltron .	953
0	i had high hopes for bush 's chicken . i was hoping it would be a better version of raising cane 's but instead it was a lesser version of kfc . we walked in and were welcomed with a pungent oily greasy smell that was off-putting . we were the only ones in line and were not greeted by anyone for the 5+ minutes we were looking at the menu . the prices were n't bad but the gizzard meals on the menu mixed with the awful smell made us walk out and not eat here . i have no desire to go back .	862
0	we 've visited other ghengis grills before and have always had good experiences . we were in the matthews area and decided to give this one a try . although the place wasnt very busy , we were greeted with slow service , the server never smiled or said `` thank you '' or `` you 're welcome , '' the floors were sticky , the bathroom was a mess , and there were missing ingredients on the buffet line . needless to say , we wo n't be returning to this location .	209
1	used this company many times , factory certified for most brands . never have to wait more than a day for service call , friendly , affordable , and very knowledgeable technicians . and very flexible on appointment times . a must use in the charlotte and surrounding area !	722
0	by far the worst place for breakfast on this side of town ! it took them an hour to get our food out ... our food was cold so it had to be sent back and remade that took another 25 minutes ! ! i 'm pretty sure the manager there was high on something because when she came to apologize for the bad service she could barely hold still..we 've gone there twice and this is our last ! i do not recommend this restaurant	672
1	first review on yelp and first time at wing time and let me tell you it 's soooo good ! we got a 40 piece party pack which was good for 4 of us to share and all the flavored were great ! the taste of asia had a pho essence and my favorite lemon pepper was also so good we also got garlic parmesan , hot and mild as well and they were also tasty . the texas toast was also buttery goodness and the fries were crispy and salted just right . we will definitely be back here soon ! ! !	1397
0	this store carries low end brands and a lot of the shoes were dirty . do yourself a favor and skip it .	1446
0	wings were fine as was the service but prices are stupid . cost $ 18 for 12 wings and one beer . oh , also cost .89 for one ranch dressing to go with the order of wings , not for extra ranch but for one to go with my wings . cheap bastards , ranch comes with the order , not an add-on as also does carrots and celery . native is going to open back up across the street so you might want to pickup your game .	1395
0	i was a little thrown off . i usually expect to see sriracha and hoisin sauce prepared on the tables when i go out for pho . i had a hard time with the waitress trying to get the correct sauces brought to our table because she did n't really speak english . i asked for a vegetarian dish - vegetarian spring rolls on vermicelli , but the dish was served with chopped bacon on top ! my friend ordered a pork chop with rick . pork chop was tasty , rice was dry	511
1	really good gelato ! my favorite was the tiramisu gelato ! it was a perfect balance of flavor and smoothness . the chocolate was good too if you are looking for something basic . the bananas foster was a little bit too banana-y for me . i could only eat a few bites before the flavor was overwhelming . i really disliked the white chocolate macadamia crunch . it had a weird , unpleasant aftertaste . try the tiramisu flavor !	3735
1	i just saw the show at the westgate so i 'm not sure if i 'm leaving the right review up in the right place but i thought the show was great i love birds and that was a great performer	865
1	great customer service , easy process , highly recommend using this storage facility . the place is very clean , they have specials for holiday weekends so be on the look out . but overall a great experience .	1857
0	wow i did not think it could be that bad but it is . i got a margarita and the pizza has not taste despite supposedly having fresh mozzarella , basil , tomatoes sauce on it . i taste bread and salt . the sauce is watered down and runny . the cheese is lunpy and inconsistent additional toppings are a 1.50 . i am glad i got none . well i guess i will keep the pizza for my am hangover . it has two stars for the staff and free gelato .	282
0	this place does not honor what they quote over the telephone . the man who works in the front was very rude to me . i had a decent pedicure but walked out mid session while getting a full set . i do not recommend this place .	415
1	after years of being kind of satisfied with the services provided on my hair , i finally broke down and did some research and ended up at alchemy for an appointment with ally . i loved everything about this experience -- -great music and great conversation . ally was so knowledgeable on color and cut . and i walked out feeling like a million bucks . the staff in general are super nice and down to earth people . i can not wait to go back ! you guys are the absolute best ! ! thanks ' ! ! ! my hair finally does n't suck anymore ! ! !	3631
0	haircut was fine but they are not good with time . expect to wait at least 30-40 mins after your appointment time.. no respect of your customer 's time	3610
0	went there on a friday night , but they were closed . that stinks . who is closed on friday night .	1583
1	we started at dynamics two years ago & we have had such a great experience . love the staff & the environment . love how you can sit & watch your kids & not have to look through a small window . have & will continue to recommend dynamics to people .	1106
0	i took my partner for his birthday there last night for dinner and drinks . it was such a waste of time and money ! ! the server was slow and the food was horrible ! we had the super gooey chimmy and it was almost raw . what a way to ruin a birthday dinner . thanks gringos ! ! ! ! never will i ever go again and will spread the word ! !	704
1	i love love love this place , my husband is not really in to indian food but he always eats everything up from this place . we originally found it on groupon , the first time we went it seemed very slow ( for dinner ) but this last time it seemed steady . they have a great wine selection we ended up ordering two bottles . also the food is amazing . best indian i 've had in vegas . i love the large selection of naan bread ! the servers are great and professional , i can not wait to go back !	600
1	this is our second time ordering from here . excellent pizza as well as the garlic knots ! i would have given 5 stars but i thought the wings were a tad too soggy from our first experience .	1399
0	someone recently commented on most recent review and then deleted it . i never said that i brought beers on to the course . please read my review again . if you think that i stuttered please try reading one word at a time . my experience at this course sucked and if you have a problem with that please message me . this course does n't care about their alleged `` one off problems '' because i have never heard from them . once again it is modern golf course management at its best . cheers and good luck to you . good day .	2236
1	heather is awesome and funny . my wife is the reason why i get pedicures in the first place . i recommend anyone getting a mani or pedi to see heather .	2390
1	this place is pretty legit ! really busy during lunch time . i got the pad thai and during lunch time it comes with soup and an eggroll . the sauce is a little sweeter than what i 'm used to but still great flavor and exactly what i would expect and a pad thai .	895
1	i was attending the action on film megafest and a number of the films were showing here . love the reclining seats , swiveling trays and concession items . also , nice to have some cocktails available in the evening . the staff was very friendly and helpful . my only complaint was with the sound levels in theater 3 which made it difficult to view some films .	491
1	i love this pizza ! very authentically italian ! i will have this pizza every time i come to vegas ! it is the best .	282
1	tommy guns is great place to get your hair cut . i 've been quite a few times and they always go out of their way to make sure my haircut is great . the hairstylists there take their time to make sure your haircut is just the way you want it . they 're always willing to talk and man do they give good head massages when they 're washing your hair .	226
1	cute place ! do think it needs a bigger menu and a wider selection of times . when i hear `` grocery , '' i 'm expecting a wider range of french items of the sort i bought while living in france that you ca n't get here ( cute yogurts , orangina , etc ) . cheese selection could definitely be expanded too . big focus on wine currently . also think their current hours are unrealistically short for the sort of place they are trying to be . it 's a new business and i want to see it succeed so i will continue to patronize and hope they work on growing/expanding the selection !	1160
1	ladies ! ! ! this is the place to be on sunday nights because the ratio of men to women is about 5 to 1. they play the usual mix of hip hop/80s . when `` party like a rockstar '' comes on , the club goes crazy ! it gets crowded but i had a blast here .	3596
0	i came in to get my legs waxed and when i left she left wax all over my legs even though i asked her to remove it . not only this but she still did n't pull out all of my leg hair ... there was plenty of stubble left . would not recommend this place .	1051
1	a nerdy kids dream ! lots of hands on exhibits that are lots of fun	3891
1	i really love this store . great prices and the furniture is very nice . i purchased a gorgeous counter top table with four chairs . easy to put together . i like the fact that they offer same day pick up . the young man at the pick up station made sure our table was secure in our car and was courteous . i will be back for more pieces .	2071
0	i called in and made a reservation for me and my girlfriend and then when we showed up they said they did n't have a reservation for us and we 're full . i double checked that i called the right number and it was correct . they did n't care at all and we 're very rude about it . i was super excited to try the new place but am incredibly disappointed about the experience and the customer service . never going back .	1288
0	she was nice and had the alteration done promptly for a good price when no one else had time . it looked good enough , but i used to sew and did not consider the alteration to be done quite as professionally as i was hoping for , especially given that it was a designer dress for a special occasion .	1818
0	pretty big size restaurant inside . did not appear that way from outside . service was attentive . food portion sizes are big . we had orange chicken , eggplant and vegetable with garlic sauce , scallop with garlic sauce . but the food tasted pretty bad . they were supposed to spicy , but in reality not at all . the quality was poor . chilli paste appeared to be very old and bland . i would not go back for food again . .	237
0	i dont even know where to start , cdc pools is unreliable , the communication is horrible , scheduling was a nightmare , to the point i had to get upset with them , we were told 4 weeks it took 9 weeks , ruined my yard were they stored a self made 'water pit'.our pool still does not run properly , and we have notified them several times and no one has gotten back to us . our firepit that was installed is faulty , still waiting for that to be replaced . i am so diappointed in cdc as a company . look else where , avoid the headache & frustration of dealing with cdc pools !	659
0	their clothes are okay . some of the stuff is tacky , but some is pretty cute . the problem is the quality of the merchandise . i had browsed here a few times , but it was n't until my most recent visit that i tried stuff on . everything felt like burlap , and made me feel like i was having an allergic reaction . although the prices are cheap-ish , they are still too high for the quality of the clothes . i ca n't imagine wearing such uncomfortable stuff !	3121
1	this is my new favorite taco spot in the valley . the food is great , staff is friendly , prices are more than fair , and i love the atmosphere .	562
0	i wanted to actually like this place.. but its highly disappointing as well as insultive when the manager comes to your table ( when you let your wait person know you are dissatisfied with your order ) and he tries to convince you your order was made correctly and there 's no issues.. uhhh really ! ? ? total miss ... i 'll pass on the pizza.. thanks but no thanks.. i 'm not paying for what i wanted i 'm now paying for your mediocre ! !	705
1	went for lunch with my family on a saturday afternoon . the place was very clean , and you order at the front . this was my first time at one of these franchises . we enjoyed our food . my daughter got a quesadilla with tons of cheese ! when i went to fill the horchata , the lever got stuck and it went everywhere . lol ! we will be back for more . do n't know why we waited so long to try this place out . by the way , i did have the vegetarian burrito and it was very good . my only complaint is that their hot sauce is weak .	1194
0	i came here with my mother for coffee slightly before the dinner hour . the espresso machine at chabichou was broken so the boulevard cafe seemed like an okay option . i ca n't speak for the food but it was the single worst cup of coffee i have ever had , and that is saying something . it literally tasted like my americano was made out of yesterdays dishwater , totally flavourless . unless you count yucky-blahness as a flavor . the service was good . it was nice of them to seat us just for coffee so close to the dinner rush , but come on guys . you 'd think a restaurant like this could serve up something better then sludge .	1271
0	meh . if the ingredients were a little fresher and the recipes are a little healthier , it would be worth a review . msg me ! ( no , please do n't )	0
1	always great haircuts ! i just wanted to give a shout out to steph . this homeless women walked in and said she had no money and wanted a haircut . steph stepped up and `` said no problem . i 'll do it for you . '' the lady was so happy and surprised . it made me happy to see that there 's still good people in this world . awesome !	2591
1	i 'll give this place 5 stars because i read the other reviews and i think people are way too picky and get a little too serious about their nails ! it 's supposed to be a relaxing , pampering experience ... just relax a little and let the nail tech do their job without critiquing every little detail ! i am just finishing up my 'luxury ' pedicure with ann , and it lived up to its name . very luxurious and relaxing . i 'd come back !	3948
1	my favorite local bar ! ! very friendly and attentive bartenders , inexpensive drinks , and delicious food .	1080
0	arrogant , ignorant staff . ridiculously inflated prices for range time and ammo . narrow lanes , narrow shelves for your guns and magazines . they think they are doing you a favor by letting you shoot there . typical lake norman snobbery . what more do you need to know . lots of other shooting options now .	3936
0	-10 love dickey 's in texas so we thought we 'd try at home and for the love of god ppl this is crap ! we order 42 $ worth of meat and sides paid for 3 meat plater and got 2 . half of the sides we ordered are wrong . when my wife picked up the order the ppl behind the counter were making fun of customers .	966
0	the service was super slow and the waitress was not attentive or even polite . the food was not good . had steamed broccoli as a side and every piece was brown . the burger was overcooked and had a weird taste . every aspect of our experience here was terrible . we wo n't be going back . it is a shame , because we have been to other red robin locations in the past , and they were always excellent . not sure why this one is so bad .	1323
0	the staff were pretty nice , but this place needs a major makeover . i used to bring my son here 4 yrs ago when it was still clean and decent looking . now the pool area smells like mold , the water is murky , and the bathroom is soo dirty . management needs to step it up to keep this place clean cause i can not be having my kids swim in a facility this dirty . kids swallow water all the time when they 're learning to swim , i fear for them getting sick here . its too bad cause i would bring my son here again but its too dirty for me	2856
1	the manager is a great guy and provides a welcoming atmosphere and very good service . i have rented here many times and have always been treated kindly and fairly .	3024
0	rent here , do n't own . refrigerator has quit working 3 times . management refused to do anything about it even though we called in time . told to wait until sat or sun . meantime food is spoiling . management attempted to refer us to renter 's insurance instead of repairing . management rude and unwilling to provide any level of customer service . when maintenance man came over he attempted to enter without knocking . i work in the multi-housing industry and this is the worse example of customer service i have ever witnessed .	617
1	went there the first time for myself and was not disappointed . they are very honest and upfront , and wait time was minimal . second time was for my granddaughter . called first and probably got the nicest lady ever that helped me with multiple questions . got there and was in-and-out in a flash . extremely helpful . this will be the place we go to from now on . they all deserve xmas presents .	2517
1	had to bring my grandma fabric shopping for her birthday . this place is amazing . the owner is soooo nice and very helpful . the store is very clean and open . i ca n't wait to go back .	3136
1	great happy hour . reasonable prices . pizza is thin but good . and the wings are great	1520
0	the worst sns nails i have ever gotten . i never write reviews but i had to write this one . the guy who did them even knew it was messed up and blamed the polish instead of himself . will not be back .	2197
1	friendly helpful service . plenty of options . we loaded up on the dried cranberries . for those who appreciate fine cheese , this shop packs locatelli . which packs an extremely sharp and salty flavor . the staff just sort of brushed it off as common place but i can assure it it not . this is the first whole foods that i have found outside of central california that carries it . great for pasta dishes . easily located within the district outside of green valley ranch and casino .	433
0	they have a large selection of items . prices are okay . trade counter is absolutely ridiculous . there is no reason for 10 records , and 3 games should take 3 hours to evaluate . plus i understand that they are in the business of making money , but offering 16 dollars for 100.00+ dollars worth of merchandise is not okay .	2115
0	no it was fixed for a day or two . but just like everything here at onnix it 's fixed and then it goes back to how it was . why do n't you fix things for good and stop with the excuses and the whole `` i 'm going to put in a maintainer request '' and maybe actually hire professionals to get the job done correctly the first time ?	3148
0	very horrible i found alley cat with kittens and person on the phone said i should have let them stay outside and die very rude do n't do n't donate this place	1980
0	this place is terrible at booking . they re scheduled me 5 times because the doctor `` was n't in '' how can you re schedule me on a day that the doctor `` is n't in '' multiple times ? ? the stuff they give you for acne works but there 's just terrible staff in there .	3598
0	will tow your car even if it 's registered . loud , dirty , and the most untrained front desk staff i have ever seen . security plays favorites and does n't always quiet down some apartments , not worth the money ever .	748
0	i have to change my rating because it 's been 4 months the and i have not received the film that i was promised .	1852
1	omni was great ! this was my brother and sister-in-law 's first trip to las vegas and i wanted to make it special for them . the driver arrived on time in the baggage area with a tablet with the names of my brother and sister-in-law on it . my sister-in-law loved that ! the car was immaculate . our driver took care of all of the luggage and was very personable and polite . i had to call omni to give them the names of my brother and his wife inasmuch as they had my name and the operator politely made the change to ensure that the signage was correct at the airport . i can not recommend omni highly enough !	2901
1	had the shop recommended by a friend back in early '13 ... johnny did an awesome job and knocked out work on both forearms in one sitting . no problems at all and they both healed up much quicker than previous ( non-johnny vegas ) work i 'd had done on the east cast . easy to deal with and everything else you 'd hope for in your tattoo shop . headed back out to the west coast next week and looking to add two more to the collection . on to vegas for the weekend !	3910
0	steak and prawn burrito was possibly the worst burrito that i have ever eaten . tasteless .	623
0	they are closed sundays ! i know this does n't make sense since they list sunday hours . if they did n't show sunday hours you might save you time and not walk there since they wo n't be open and then you would n't have wasted your time . however , that 's asking a lot . you ca n't spend money here on sundays because no one is here to take it even though they list sunday operating hours .	438
1	all i can say is wow ! ! another great job completed by dynamite this time at west mesa bargain storage ! i have worked with dynamite for at least 7 years on several projects from hoa projects to storage facilities and have had nothing but excellent results from the planning stage to the completed project . karri is very accommodating and richard is very knowledgeable . the teams that have been assigned to my projects have always been polite , and courteous and careful .	1850
0	came in at 8:15 on a saturday evening . the hostess , who was leaning over her stand slurping on a drink informed us that they were closed . the sign outsides reads 9 pm as the closing time . she did n't even have the courtesy to fully stand up to greet us.how rude and sloppy of a presentation . the place must make a killing if they can close 45 minutes early on a saturday . i understand seating the last table at 8:45 but 8:15 ? why not close at 8 then . horrible customer service and at that point i would rather throw my money at a chain fast food place then try to support a small business .	340
1	cheap buffet , but does n't have a big variety of food . the food is very good although it is very americanized . this place has been around for many years and if you 're craving cheap food this is one of the best places in the area ! i do think they need to switch out the food some more , sometimes there tends to be cold food laying around or dishes that are finished and are not replaced quickly enough , specially for lunch . overall , i highly recommend this restaurant ! it wo n't let you down !	167
0	got a weird vibe that the lady did n't want to give me a loan . she is an elder middle eastern lady , she seemed real nice and kind at first but , her attitude just got worse by the second , and then she was being rude . rude	3683
0	i will start by saying that i love these dentists and im sad i wont be returning . they have a $ 100 cancellation policy if you cancel less than 48 hours . when your appt is on a monday and a mandatory meeting comes up friday , there is no way to give 48 hours given the weekends dont count into that time . its too bad they want to lose patients over this : (	2576
0	by far the worst airline i have ever flown with . three hour delay . not updates from the cabin . rude flight attendants . will never fly this airline again .	1623
0	chicken pad thai horrible ! pink dry chicken ? ? ? took one taste and the rest went to my garbage can . wo n't go back ever !	1203
0	you guys remember the youtube video where the verizon representative could not remember the difference between a megabyte and a gigabyte . it was like that but with trampolines .	3173
0	there are no vacuums . the wash is strong but not that strong . there are alternatives as this is just an exterior wash and go . not worthy of 8.00 in my opinion when there are neighboring competitors that offer vacuums for 1/2 of this cost	1102
1	brent took great care of me after the customer service number disconnected me on the wrong date ! one call to him and i was reconnected less than 24 hours later . if you have any centurylink issues or any office/home that you need wifi , cable , etc go here to their arcadia location and see brent . he 's the man .	3748
1	awesome , great , fantastic , rich & creamy ! ! ! loved the cappuccino ice-cream and the coconut was good as well .	3606
1	my service advisor david scott and antoine in the service area are so awesome to deal with ! always make sure they can answer any questions i have . especially love that antoine always is smiling ! makes for a great visit !	2210
0	this place did not help me at all every little bit of help i asked for they looked at me like i was stupid and they 're very rude i hope everyone in the pharmacy gets fired	3937
1	came by waiting on a business near by to open . very surprise for breakfast . great people working here . very friendly just on spot . fresh fruit bacon just right . mimosa were just right wish it was close to my house . 75 miles away	696
0	salad was good but the 25 minute wait was painful . if you do n't order online prepare to sit awhile . i saw people that ordered online , got their orders quick , however they had to wait too , but not as long . i was almost late coming back from my lunch . it 's going to take some time and rethinking before i come back . bottom line : food is good but the wait is horrible .	1494
0	i tried to go watch sinister 2 with brother and sister and the girl at the front didnt wan na let me watch it but i was 18 ? makes no sense	1240
1	on the 2nd floor in palazzo , right by elevators to guest rooms resort fee gets you a free daily paper ( i got la times ) ; show your room key & give your room # & last name they serve lavazza coffee	2397
0	i am updating my review based on my last three experiences at boulevard cafe . while the food remains excellent , the service has gone steadily down hill . at best , the service of late has been extremely slow ( 20 mins to talk drink orders , another 15 to get the drinks , 15 mins after that to take food orders , etc. ) . at worst , servers have been rude , irritable , evasive , and negligent . they have also annoyingly started to charge for bread , a trend in this city that needs to stop .	1271
0	not . cool . i 'm pretty pissed that i paid $ 175 for this . this is a damn joke . never again .	665
0	one thing i really hate is when nail salons give you a time frame and then blow it off when they do n't meet it . they told me 30 minutes , for which i told them i 'd come back , because i like supporting small business . i came back and they said just a few minutes ! but i noticed another client came and they did n't look close to done . so i asked and she said 10-15 minutes . my time was dismissed and i wasted it on trusting their information . wo n't go there again .	3831
1	very good thai faire ! i hate any food bland or dummied down `` americanized '' and this is not that . i really enjoy authentic places like this .	895
0	i bought a lemon unfortunately . the costumer service was great , but in retrospect i overpaid for a car with 2 accidents on car fax and 5 months later the transmission started to slip , the car had less than 90,000 miles . the shitty part is that once you buy that 's it , your on your own . i 'm not bashing the character or integrity of trend auto or it 's employees , they were kind and i 'm sure in due diligence are not in the business of fucking people over , it just sucks that in my case i lost a few thousand .	3261
0	hit or miss . i 've had some good hair cuts in the past here and always felt that the value was great for the service . my last visit i was dissapointed with the cut . i hate to give a bad review since my stylist yuna was very nice and gentle with my hair . i asked for a simple cut straight across . what i got instead was uneven and not like the photo i brought with me . the shape of my hair is now rounder than when i came in with a chunk taken out of it : /	2181
1	fabulous service and awesome food . we had the italian wedding soup , the fried sampler plate , and the carbonera .	423
1	now i will say the tacos are a little on the higher priced size , but they are big and extremely fresh . quality food and friendly service . who does n't love a local eatery !	270
0	first , there is no solution to their shitty parking situation . you will have to walk at least a couple blocks and leave your vehicle in an unattended - or poorly secured - lot . second , couple that with the busy traffic surrounding the fair grounds , and you 'll have a real fun time trying to cross any streets safely . third , the quality of life that these types of events attract are ... at least ten time worse than what you can spot at your local walmart in the middle of the night . the event security is also apparently largely ineffective . do n't think i 'll ever be trying this again .	2076
1	great atmosphere at this new mexican restaurant . very particular about mexican food and would recommend this place just for the table made guacamole , prepared fresh for you . chips and salsa were plentiful and the chimichanga de pollo was flavorful . molly , my waitress was attentive , with fresh refills on chips and drinks ... great customer service with a sincere smile .	398
0	i purchased the small `` alcoholic infused '' cupcakes on one of the local deal sites . luckily , i only paid $ 24 for the deal . unfortunately , i bought the cupcakes for a party i was having . the cupcakes were dry with little or no taste and the frosting was hard . needless to say i was embarrassed that i actually served the cupcakes at my party . i would equate the cupcakes to something i would pick up at a grocery store on the bargain rack . i called the store to let them know my feedback and the response i received was , `` oh ok , thanks '' .	1806
1	i made an appointment for the friday after thanksgiving fo a exam and to get new glasses . i 've been coming here for 6+ years and the dr 's are great and the staff of young lady 's are always smiling and very helpful . the selection of frames and different styles is awesome ! and the prices are very good . thankyou for another great experience .	2277
0	-one star because we received our belongings . -ended up costing us about $ 1000 more than quoted . -was not delivered in time frame given . -best of all , the movers stole a watch i had on the counter . -do not hire this company ! !	3114
0	wish i could give 0 stars two of the most rudest black women ever ! ! ! ! had to walk out due to them disrespectfully talking with me and my bf . i will never return here ever again so sad and we were interested in purchasing a bike as well oh well i 'll take my business elsewhere where someone with actual bike knowledge and people skills can help me attitude free	3156
1	i had no clue what to expect , at first i thought , '' oh chipotle '' but not at all ! wayyy better love the steak tacos , and they melt the cheese to the shell ! ! ! ! ! great customer service too ! only complaint no mist outside and suggestive selling . i put salsa on my tacos an they got soggy ( amateur move )	1365
1	great gym they have just enough equipment for what you need to have a full body workout	3898
1	wow ! what a great find . you 'd never guess this joint tucked in an old shopping center was putting out the tasty quality sandwiches like they are . seems to be family run , everyone was real nice . sandwiches take a bit to make since they are made fresh to order . we 'll be back for sure .	777
0	it 's a shame ... this was my favorite place on earth when i was kid . but boy has it changed . there is so much empty space with so much wasted potential .	2868
1	i was extremely pleased with the craftsmanship and customer service i received with this company . they truly are running a business the way it should be . my wife 's car was damaged and las vegas collision center brought it back to factory condition . thanks for making a bad time a wonderful experience .	3765
0	the hoa association here is beyond a joke . it 's as if they have not heard , nor will they ever be trained on how to utter any words beyond no . robots behind counters without solutions and fake apologies . do not recommend .	3304
0	i have been going to cafe rio for years , mainly in salt lake where it started . love the food and my port burrito enchilada style with hot sauce was pretty good but the service was terrible . the young gal with the ray ban glasses thought it was more important i wipe off trays than it was to grab my food off the melter thing and ring me up . i 'll come back , i just hope next time the employees treat me better and do n't make it so obvious they 're having a terrible day .	1365
1	dr dewan is he best . he 's done the work to motivate my daughter to take ownership of her ailment , better than my wife or i ever could have , and i believe when she looks back she 'll recognize him as one of the most influential people in her life . it makes such a difference when a doctor develops a relationship with his patient and understands them enough to know how to motivate them . he even took the time to recommend a geometry tutor for my daughter and i think one of the happiest moments of her life was when she completed her first proof ! i highly recommend him .	1464
1	great location and never disappoints . the staff are always happy and clean in appearance . this goes a long way in the experience . the food was fresh ! ! kudos to the manager .	701
1	i used delia 's for the first time and had some dress shirts laundered . one needed to be pre-treated after some self-tanner left the collar and cuffs a mess ( and this was a white shirt ) . they did an excellent job and the shirt was spotless ! i will certainly continue to bring all my laundered shirts here since the location is closer than my normal cleaners . unfortunately , i will continue to bring all my dry cleaning to my usual spot since delia 's prices for dry cleaning are much too high ( double what my other cleaner charges ) and i just can not justify the cost . that 's why they got 4 stars instead of 5 .	2412
1	the staff are so friendly . they are helpful . i never have had to wait long for any visit . they even watched my toddler for me briefly for a few minutes to have one small spot on my face lasered . it only took 3 minutes probably , but the principal that they were willing to watch her is fantastic . i 've never seen dr. rostan , only the pa for my skin checks and she was very thorough and helpful . overall fantastic practice !	2430
1	we have purchased several items from ashley and have been impressed with the products as well as the service each time ! today monica did a fabulous job helping us stay within our budget and find the perfect bed set . thank you !	1442
1	since moving to henderson in 2004 , brad fischer painting has done the painting in all 3 of my homes , inside and out . one was a rental and needing painting a few times . brad himself is a master at picking colors and i appreciated his attention to detail . i appreciated his patience and suggestions when i wanted to make changes . he is very easy to work with and yet is willing to stand firm on the best decision . he and his crew always showed up on time and efficiently got the job done . he is permanently in my contact list under great contractors .	795
1	i rented again from them , this time 4 bikes for labor day . the service as last time was great . this time we did not take a tour as they were not available but with the map the provided we were able to go all the way without a trouble . i recommend to book them in advance that way no waste of time . when you arrive they have them ready and adapted to your height . good place ! ! bike pgh is great !	2949
0	terrible quality ... overpriced broken dented and poorly functioning appliances . they are not even licensed to sell with the state . very poor handling of the problem , total ripoff . do your self a favor and do n't buy this stolen merchandise	1236
0	food below average . my husband got the chicken penne alfredo that tasted like a jar of ragu alfredo sauce was warmed up and poured on top . the bread tasted like it had sat in the fridge overnight and was n't even warmed up to be served . sorry .	712
1	my little man and i love this place . its friendly and the food is great . i have never encountered a rude soul here . the little play area is cleaner than the mcds so i take little man there to play . we also love all of the events they have going on . macaroni kids robinson and mops have fundraisers or free kid activity nights at this location often .	1350
1	what 's not to love about louis v ? ? ? always go here to see the seasons newest and best ! i 'm in love with red ! when not in paris ... scottsdale will have to do ! love my lv !	1493
0	the worst service . food is excellent . if you do n't mind to be yelled at , turned away or receive rude attitude then you 're welcome here . at some point i wonder whether the good quality of food is worth receiving awful service .	1438
0	well , i wish i could rate the desserts here . unfortunately when we arrived after dinner , about 7:00 pm they were sold out of almost everything . just a couple of small $ 2.50 cupcakes that looked to be out all day and some macarons left . i was craving a red velvet cupcake or chocolate cake but it was not meant to be . the display case was practically empty so we left . not sure if they just did n't make enough or maybe it was a busy day ? ?	981
1	it was our first time in . warm welcome . we sat at bar and bartender was very pleasant . we ordered the deviled eggs then we had the grilled corn on the cob . yummy ! then we split the cheeseburger which was very juicy and tasty but to my linking , should not be rated as best burger in az . it was all very good . we had the coconut pie for dessert . also very good although not excellent . overall very pleasant time . nice little place . good music although it kept playing the same 6-7 songs over and over again . will come back for sure . thank you !	286
1	this place has amazing pizza we ordered while i was at work and the pizza was so good perfect crust perfect sauce it was just amazing . we shared with a couple of people at work and our clients and they found it to be really good as well . and price was not bad definitely ordering again .	1399
0	this gym does not fix its problems . for starters , the ac has not been on for at least 3 weeks now since the heat began . the workers there say `` we can not touch the thermostat '' and avoid the question when asked `` is the ac broken ? '' the middle urinal in the men 's room has been broken since i signed up ( about august 2017 ) , cold water stopped running in the water fountain for weeks now too . the weights are never re-racked . i finally made a formal complaint to corporate , and if things do n't change , i will have to find another gym .	392
1	i 've gone here for my smog twice and it 's always great . super fast and great customer service !	1553
1	i came here before my med exam yesterday . the service is good . the waiting time is reasonable ( or because i arrived early before 10 am ) . the food is good ( i have the basic scramble eggs , waffle , and bacon ... . , which is how one tastes the real taste of food . ) i especially love the coffee , a pot of coffee ( not a cup of coffee and then waiting forever for someone to fill it ... . ) i will definitely go back and bring my friend ... . : )	1258
1	call ahead of time to make sure they have your part ( s ) . much cheaper than auto zone , o'reilly 's , and etc . the line is always long , however , it is very organized and fast . parking is awkward and small . not always the friendliest cashiers . policeman is on duty when i walk in .	2027
1	we had a problem with our order through the drive-thru and the manager hugo expediently addressed the issue . he exemplifies excellent customer service . he exceeded our expectations and helped make a not-so-good experience in to a five-star-worthy experience . all restaurants should be so lucky to have such a gentleman manager ! thank you again !	1517
0	this was a dismal experience . i had heard great things about this craft cocktail bar ... .the service was not just slow but non-existent . the $ 22 cocktail i ordered was so bad i could n't drink it . when i asked for a glass of rose instead , the waitress ( after 10 minutes ) brought me white wine . so not worth it .	2513
0	i have walked in several times trying to purchase a $ 2500 tv . i can never get any questions answered or any help . all the people are rude and non sociable . today was the third day they missed out on a sale ! ! ! ! ! do n't ship here if you want costumer service ! ! ! ! !	494
1	place is n't bad at all ! ! 48 bucks from head to toe and service is great ! ! they have smaller private rooms and a common area for larger groups .	2399
1	darcy is great at her job and very personable . poor girl is always by herself . i think she is a rockstar for all she does ... all by herself ! ! way to go rockstar ! ! ! i give you big kudos ! !	2587
0	over hyped , over priced , and disappointing . very simplified bland version of bistro fare . desserts look like they were picked up at a roadside rest area diner . i wish it was borgo again , at least they did food right .	1352
1	we love the pharmacy because it 's open all night , but more so we love rochelle always in a positive mood and real cool with my family , just an outstanding person and great attitude ! ! ! !	3799
0	neither exciting well it was boring bartenderess was there was n't very interactive ... boring food was fair yet i 've been coming for years it 's boring if you sit at the bar you expect an interactive bartender not my best visit ! ! ! ! ! !	428
1	i have come back cocos many times over the last 5yrs . even after moving nearly 20 miles out of the area . i always feel relaxed and rejuvenated after leaving . they are professional and friendly . i genuinely look forward to driving over , and get the 90 minute deep tissue massage .	2014
0	place took forever ... come to find out that they did n't have my oil filter and a hour and a half into me waiting the napa parts guy pulls up and 10 mins later it was done ... hmmm.. but they did n't even let me know what was going on ! never going back	2146
1	dustin patrick and kimberly went out of their way to help me find what i needed get my pictures perfect and figured out where to go from there . they gave me suggestions on how to make things easier i definitely recommend coming here and seeing one of these three if you need a passport .	2871
1	best in town . my husband and i go whenever possible and have a relaxing pedicure . highly recommend .	3682
0	if you want to be rushed and make an appointment only to wait an hour past the time then go to jcpennys . i can see why they are on the verge of closing the doors . we get taken in a room finally for our portraits only to be asked to wait because the family before us did n't hear their name called . so we go out to see a mother acting like a child because we were called before her . i am sorry that god gave you a big nose and small ears .	1536
1	this location is usually busy as it is located inside of the mall at fashion square . the have a good selection of merchandise . be sure to check out some of the clearance items . right after christmas last year i got some gourmet vanilla marshmallows marked down to $ 1 and they were totally delish in my hot chocolates . you never know what you might come across so the clearance is worth checking out . besides that , they have a good selection of some nice pans and bakeware . i am a fan of the nordic brand . some of the williams sonoma dessert bread mixes are tasty as well .	191
0	cockroach infested dump , nancy is a lazy , lying individual . do not go here . website says clean place to live . we have pics that will prove otherwise . a dumpster is a better place than new solutions . nancy talks behind individuals back like the coward she and her snitches are . nancy , will no doubt have a reply defending the awfully living conditions at craig shell 's the new solution , but pics i have tell it all .	2255
1	this dentist office is amazing ! ! ! i 'm a mom of five kids and have been to many dentists and this was is at the top of the list . they are caring , professional , knowledgeable , friendly and have a great way with kids . i would recommend them to any parent trying to find a good kid 's dentist office .	2596
0	imperial is a place we should all love . it 's dirty , friendly , cozy , and right downtown ! it 's seems like a great alternative to the overpriced chain restaurants nearby . the problem is that the imperial pub is actually overpriced , too . it 's a dive that charges too much . so , if you want to pay chain resto-bar prices ... just go to a chain resto-bar where they actually clean the bathrooms .	1091
1	2/28/15 takeout wings are sold by lb so i asked for drums , since its a lb ( lots of nagging at edgley location lately ) here , `` sure '' . 10-15 minutes stopped at comic book store got there in 15 min , ready , hurray 10 drums plastic containers ( who cares about pbf 's ) im happy	393
0	i worked here for 1 day told them i did n't have any experience with more than 2 toddlers at once . they stuck me in a room with 8 toddlers by myself for hours without instruction every time i asked for help they came 45 min later . i quit the next day i could n't handle it . i feel sorry for the kids that go here just based on what they put me through .	2085
0	quality of food was not there for the price . we had mushroom burger , fries , chicken tenders , and potato soup . the waitress was very nice , but slow on service .	1400
0	spoke with customer service after my previous review and was promised shipping for saturday between 12-6 as well as a credit for my trouble . saturday delivery time has came and gone and no delivery . have called to customer service three times today and hung up on all 3 times when trying to figure out how and when we can get the bed . avoid this company at all costs..	2071
0	unfortunately , we 've had several bad experiences with the wait staff . and , it does n't matter whether they are busy or slow . it either takes forever for your waitress to take your order or the kitchen to fill it ! the wait staff sits in the back corner of the restaurant to chit chat rather than service customers . if you have time to kill , this is your place ; if not , choose another restaurant .	1189
0	alarmists : these guys did the safety inspection on my car and came back with a laundry list of issues and tried to scare me in to paying for hundreds of dollars of repairs . i took it down the street to firestone and they said it passed inspection and gave me a great deal on an alignment , which was the only item that baum had flagged that was actually an issue . do n't let them scare you into paying for unnecessary repairs ! ! !	3197
0	got there at about 8 on a friday night and barely beat the crowd and got two spots at the bar . we got the fried green tomato stack with pork belly , pimento cheese and sweet corn vinaigrette to start . it was alright . i would n't recommend it . then we got a spider roll which i did n't really like and a spicy salmon roll which i really liked . i also got a drink that was way too sweet and would have been way better with some salt on the rim or something . it was really loud and cramped feeling . i probably wo n't go back .	487
0	first off it seems impossible to find a authentic rolled ice cream place , so we tried this one out and let 's just say they could do a lot better . pulled up to what looked like the owner having a cigarette outside , walked in not to be greeted but to two hispanic girls talking about partying and one even had her little son behind the counter right next to her while making our ice cream . place was dirty and like another reviewer said nothing going on inside no music nothing . ice cream was oook ca n't say i will be returning for over priced crappy service .	1073
0	the pharmacy is sooooooooo slow , the drive thru tales forever , do n't use it , the drive thru should be fast and efficient , been waiting for over 30 hour , crazyyyyy	1733
1	great hotel . it 's new so has lcd screen . which was centered in the room and swiveled from the bed to the mini living room . it 's a residence inn so it has a the small kitchenette full featured . it felt like a small condo . i recommend this hotel and from all the reviews i 've seen online a lot of other people love the hotel to . that 's why we chose to stay here for 2 days after the conference . well worth it . it 's also a couple of blocks from tim hortons . : ) and the entrance to the subway . so it is very convenient too .	409
1	best chums make happy humans and beloved pets . best groomer in town . do n't waste your time with others . this lovely lady is wonderful .	1847
0	the process started out pretty well with an online assistant named `` sally '' pointing me in the supposed right direct with the internet sales manager `` mike '' . from there the situation deteriorated into the typical laborious car salesman charade . needless to say , i am not driving a hyundai from san tan - it 's a shame because the product is solid and i was ready to pull this trigger . i learned a lesson here . go with your gut . the guys at autonation honda were my first contact in this process and turns out the most honest and straight forward . a fair balance of a reasonable deal and excellent customer service .	3041
1	love getting my pedicures here ! i always feel like i get one on one attention here and i do n't feel like they are rushing me . good polish color selection and they do a fabulous job !	1796
0	do not shoot here . they are full of arrogant condescending jerks . i 've been here at least a dozen times and the treatment never changes . i am a marine veteran and know plenty about firearms yet i 'm treated like a 5 year old child here . the way they talk to customers is unacceptable . go to eagle guns in concord or point blank range in mooresville instead . it 's a little further away but definitely worth it over these clowns . this place will go out of business soon the way they treat people ( not to mention their idiotic policies ) ( danielle h 's review is spot on ! )	3936
0	no works here . is all they do is promised . if you want do time then came here ask for their help . especially the guys name dean . he 's promised a lot . no works here	2391
1	food is great . must trys are : the loosey , the bulgogi cheese steak , and the brick chicken . however , in the few times i 've been there service is hit or miss . it can really improve . i 'm not saying to roll out the red carpet for everyone but at least be more approachable to your patrons ? that would be nice .	688
1	this location is always my store of choice . it 's very clean inside and outside of the building and the people are super friendly here !	3884
0	tamara was one of the most unprofessional , rudest people i have ever come into contact with . she made me feel like i was not wanted there and that all my questions were stupid and i should have already known . she also was charging my card without my consent for co pays with no signatures or telling me .	2782
1	this little liquor store is super clean ! sammy ( owner ) and dave ( employee ) are the nicest guys ! better than having to go to your chain liquor stores due to the fact that its open most nights until 12am . great spot to pick up some good booze at a reduced price . one stop shop , including craft beer and really really nice spirits . grab your booze , beer , smokes , and head out for the night . location is wonderful for all those sw dwellers .	3889
0	everything was great up until the polish ( i mostly go get a pedi for the leg and foot rub ) which looked pretty crappy with paint on my hand . i mean really bad ... . my daughter 's was even worse . they said hers was dry and it was basically ruined 10 minutes after we left . we definitely felt rushed at the beginning and end . wo n't go back .	1263
0	so i 've lived here since october . relatively quiet , good amenities . 2 complaints - my bike was stolen while locked in the garage and i was told `` no security cameras , no responsibility , file a police report '' . wtf . thank you , lincoln , for the protection of my $ 800 bicycle . should the residents even feel safe here ? maintenance - not the quickest to respond .	1908
0	the facts : i was told to arrive at 1030am for an 11:10am appointment to see dr toth which i did . at 1230pm i walked out because dr toth had not seen me yet . this is unacceptable and shame on you dr toth .	3946
1	the bartender wanda , ( the greek goddess she is ) , is so personable , she makes it a point to get to know you , she is great at remembering who you are and she treats you like people , not just a customer , the restaurant attached , johnny vegas grill , is great , best bar food , the wait staff is courtious and hard working , i personaly have n't had a bad meal there yet , the bar promos are good and every one treats you like a friend , i recomend mr. g 's to anyone looking for a bit of fun and good food	86
0	if i could give no stars i would ! the rooms are nice , but management is absolutely terrible . the goal is for the customer to be happy and they legitimately failed in every aspect . i would not recommend coming here .	1057
1	they have always been good to be ! had to wait at times , but they always offered snacks , drinks , etc . i was never ignored and never charged for anything more than what they stated . they do have a very busy office so if you arrive right when they open , you will be waiting . the staff have all been very kind and helpful each time i call and come to get a car . i will only use hertz on sahara and will not go anywhere else if i can help it .	2161
1	flowers by renee has some of the best quality flowers in town . they are prompt with orders and they are always beautiful	3622
1	rachel was ( as always ) amazing ! she got the job done , and i am very grateful for her talents and her professionalism . thank you , mr. appliance for hiring a knowledgeable technician who is n't afraid to tear apart and put back together a washing machine . we look forward to using your services again in the future !	3856
1	birdsong is a gem . a true gem ! i was over at noda and wandered back and around to birdsong . the staff were vvery friendly and i found the bar a bit like home . they have a great outdoor area and , most importantly , their beer is quality . i 'm generally not a fan of flavored beers . ipa por vida ! but ! their jalapeno pale ale ! ? hello deliciousness . seriously . give it a try .	993
1	i drive well out of my way to go to this midas . i think that says it all . i was so upset with the lousy service from the associates at the big-o tires on mcdowell and scottsdale that i needed to take my business to someone who treats their customers with respect and appreciation . the associates at midas are very courteous , expedient , and very thorough when reviewing all your car 's information with you . i apologize for not knowing the gentleman 's name at the front counter , but he is a true service professional . they have earned my loyalty , and i hope more people come to this midas to experience how auto mechanic shops should be run .	1895
0	sign says open at 9am , it 's now 9:30 and i am going to gsw because some one had not opened the door	1743
0	do n't even waste your time using his service . he never showed up and then stopped answering calls and texts .	2602
1	our whole family has been using blackwell for over two decades now . if you want your mechanic shop to be knowledgeable , professional , courteous and caring look no further . they have always bent over backwards to meet our needs and stay on quote . simply the best .	2084
0	girly is very rude and she is the manager and the owner is super rude and does n't get much done ... i moved in and everything was broken and i called maintenance every day and the owner got to a point where he was going to fight me and he was nasty and in a very bad location is this apartment complex	3666
0	they hired this new guy at the front register and good god i would drive 10 miles out of my way to not get this guy . he calls the manager over the speaker every 2 minutes , has no knowledge of anything ca n't count change to save his life and he 's a rude douche bag i have no idea why anyone could ever hire this guy . he will hold up a line for a good 20 minutes to get through 3 people so save yourself time and go to another walgreens !	1881
0	my pedicure lasted about 15 minutes - the guy that did it was obviously in such a rush and didnt care to take his time on anything . there was a woman next to me that got there 15 minutes before me - and was only on her massage by the time i was done and at the dryer . i guess it just depends on who you get in regards to if you get a nice pedicure - waste of $ $ ! ill stick to my usual place that i can always count on - this is what i get for trying something new !	2197
0	we ordered take out and our food , it took about 30 mins to get it and it was given to us with no sauce . my boyfriend ordered the chicken alfredo and the chicken smelled and tasted like an chicken , and had no alfredo sauce . the only redeeming aspect of this trip was that the italian wedding soup was delicious .	712
1	saw g force in 3d here tickets were $ 10.50 so average . theater was big , clean and had very good sound . i was happy . theres a food court right before you come in so bring a big bag and buy your food before you come in . did i say that ?	491
1	solutions is a great place to get off addictions and make your mind right . the staff is very caring and help on most of your recovery . they make you feel like you are part of community . i highly recommend this rehab if you are looking to change your life .	2493
1	these are my favorite subs anywhere . the sandwiches are all well made , extremely quick , have the best meats but most of all the bread is amazing . the staff at this location were all very nice and accommodating . great place . it 's a once a weeker for me	141
0	while dr y is terrific , plan on a minimum of a three hour wait . staff friendly but no matter how good , no excuse for waiting . and i 've had about 10 appts over the past three years . none were under three hour wait . this is forcing me to find another specialist i believe i 'm just $ $ $ to this place . certainly do not care about the value of patient time . today i had a 3:10 appt . it is 5:40 and i 'm still in the waiting room .	3527
1	it 's a great place to go paintballing . you can find a better place unless your willing to travel a bit . i would recommend this place . my issue with this place is that the field itself isnt that great . the staff are cool here . definitely check it out	2926
0	i was excited to try out a new bbq place in mentor . i go there on a saturday night and they have no chicken ! how does a bbq place run out of chicken ? very disappointed . wo n't be going back .	1547
0	probably one of the worse craft stores ive been too . people didnt know where anything was and they were impatient . think twice before going here , just go to joans .	1615
0	theoretically , this location closes at 9pm . we came by ay 8:40 last night to get something for breakfast ... place was dark . suggest you call to be sure they 're open . ca n't speak regarding the donuts ... never got any . thankfully frys is always open right across the street .	1774
1	it 's awesome . great customer service and the prices are more than fair . i 'm making this my stop for all my shopping . thanks spartan arms .	2247
0	the owners does n't seem to want to promote anything but nascar . no infield track for road racing . there 's a road course setup outside , but for obvious reasons , ca n't hold major events . they finally brought back open wheeled racing but racing on the oval ( can someone hit the snooze bar , i 'm falling asleep . ) no motorcycle racing , no sports car racing . the spring mountain race track is a much better venue . the facility needs updating also . i guess it 's fine for holding the electric daisy carnival . woo , i 'm excited . ( if you do n't detect the sarcasm , `` obtuse '' must be your middle name .	2955
1	i love bodyheat tanning . they never fail to keep me tan all year long . the staff is amazing , friendly , & personable . wouldnt tan anywhere else ! i would recommend any of their locations for all of your tanning needs , including spray tan and tanning beds .	1314
0	very very slow service . went around 8:30am . only 2 people in front who ordered coffee ( americano and cappuccino ) . took almost 10 minutes to take their orders . finally received double espresso . the coffee was very sour ( some like that flavour profile , i do n't ) and gritty ( beans too finely ground ) . i wo n't be going back .	207
1	dr. zedek is excellent ! he is well trained in his field and a remarkable human being . not only did he help me control my adhd , but he and his staff treated me like a person and not just a number . he is never too busy to ask me about how i am doing , how 's my wife , kids , etc . he encourages questions , comments , and concerns and always gives thorough explanations of everything . i wish more doctors were as kind , caring , considerate , and honest as him . i highly recommend him for anyone with psychiatric needs !	3928
0	all the reviews are correct : it literally drips grease . it did arrive hot and in a timely manner . the garlic knots are pretty damn good though . i would go for those again .	1399
0	i have purchased ashley furniture for more than 15 years . 90 % of my furniture come from there . this is by far the worst ashley store i have ever been . we placed a $ 7000 order with them and told them that our floors were not ready . they told us that we could wait up to 6 months for delivery . on the second delivery reschedule i received a phone call threatening that the furniture might get out of stock if i was not taking them now . when i talked to the store manager rick , he sided with his people . he is the worst store manager i ever talked to .	3738
0	stopped in today to get my son a donut . we got a chocolate long john and a sprinkled raised donut . they both were extremely heavy and greasy . they had absorbed so much grease that they were crunchy . honestly some of the worst donuts i have ever eaten .	1327
0	updating my review , after what happened to both of my dogs i will not be returning and ca n't suggest that anyone put their babies at the risk of this place . the owner did pay for my vet bill but did n't care what happened to my dogs , refused to refund my money for the groomings i paid for , and told me to simply `` put peroxide on it . '' horrible experience !	3389
0	this place is awful poor customer service and the food is over priced and on top of that greasy i went there last night and wasnt given correct change and when i asked the cashier for the price on the food she got defensive and angry so i asked for my money back and said she could n't return my money because food was already cooking i dont recommend this place at all thumbs down .	3858
0	very disappointed . i went there looking for a maternity dress and was told they no longer have a maternity section because they got rid of it . as a result , they no longer have me as a customer .	3896
1	absolutely best service ever . food was great , kitchen/lobby/bathroom very clean , and true customer service in every possible aspect ! thank you i will be recommending this location and looking into catering needs for my company .	1495
1	i wish we had a joann 's here in hawaii . we have only 1 craft store here that is not as good as joann 's . whenever i go to las vegas thats one store i always am sure to go to . they have a wide variety of different craft selections . overall a crafters dream store .	1937
0	this place is nice but they seem to always be out of the flavors they have listed . tonight i went down the list and finally on my third try i found one they had on hand ! kinda disappointing . this happens to us every time we come here . i come here because it is located across the street from my house so the location is great . i just wish they would make more of the flavors they advertise that day so this problem would n't happen so often . i hate that when we want ice cream it 's a debate of convenience with brusters or the selection of petersons in downtown gilbert !	16
0	i still can not understand for the life of me why every one of my friends wants to go here . it is always packed with bros and some hos , the service is terrible , and the drinks are n't even that low priced . i guess i would understand coming here if i was a pool player , but it seems like it is impossible to get a table . i 'm sure this place will be around as long as the dean does n't shut down the greek life .	1966
0	not the worst experience of my life , but definitely not a good one . i went for a quick 15 minute neck and shoulder massage because i had a headache . for some reason he spent the majority of the time on my shoulder blades . granted they did feel better once he finished ( although i felt a little bruised ) , but the neck/shoulder tension and headache were still there . oh and despite what the sign at the register says , tip is mandatory . i could n't leave until he got the tip he wanted . i wo n't be going back there .	2330
0	the owner/broker betty leal is the absolute most unprofessional , rudest , unpleasant person i have ever come across in any kind of business setting . i was astounded to find out that she was the owner ! ! ! i would expect someone to have pride in their own business ! i would highly recommend steering very clear of this century 21 consolidated . she is completely unwilling to help resolve any issues with the property we are renting . nightmare ! ! ! ! worst property management company we have ever encountered !	3315
1	honestly best gamestop i 've been to . only one i would do business with . staff is great everytime i go in they are always helpful .	2687
1	this place offers great , fast service . i had forgotten a nice set of comforters here for months and when i visited the guy went through a bunch of left over orders until he found mine . although he did not have to , he went out of his way to make sure i got my forgotten items . i have been frequenting this cleaner for over a year and the service is predictably good .	3032
1	one of my favorite spots in the phoenix area . this place is fabulously tacky , complete with plaid 70 's style mismatched couches and velvety posters of elvis in engraved wooden frames . enjoy an old cult film on a large screen tv while sampling excellent bar food and cocktails in a fun atmosphere . i recommend the bloody mary and the chicken chile wraps for starters .	180
0	sandwiches are n't anything special and the owner can be a bit rude to people - then afterwards he 'll come up and be nice once you 're sitting down eating . kind of like getting beat up by your boyfriend and the next day he sends you flowers . additionally , the 4 % surcharge for credit card use is inexcusable - go to subway or ray 's around the corner , this place sucks .	675
0	i am very disappointed with the service after the sale . most of the time you will be asked by the answering machine to leave your number so they can call you back . they rarely return your calls . i believe they need better management .	3541
1	the food fight group never disappoints , and monty 's blue plate diner is no exception . we loved the extensive brunch menu here . we did have to wait around 20 minutes , but there 's some nice outdoor dining space and so we did n't mind waiting outside in the warm weather . once we were seating , the waiter was extremely efficient . our orders were taken right away and we probably did n't wait more than 10 minutes for our food . they have a large variety of brunch choices . the bloody marys come with a side car of beer as well . the booths were cozy and overall felt like old fashion diner . would definitely visit again !	975
0	long waits even when slow ! was at er for over three hours and there were two people there . watched a full shift change . was sent there by an urgent care and they called ahead and tried to get me to take an ambulance . thank god i was n't dying because this staff would have just called a coroner instead of admitting me to get treatment . save yourself the trouble and go to cmc waxhaw , it 's a lot better ! !	3131
0	large selection of groceries to choose from . has a decent live fish section . hit and miss in their meat section . not very fresh compared to the 99 ranches in socal .	3269
0	newish cheap no frills 24/7 gym , good equipment , but busy , to cold in winter , machines often broken and rarely fixed , very few free weights . canceled my my membership after 2 months . back to goodlife ; )	1990
0	not from vegas but use yelp to help find the best spots . i find this place and think it will be okay from the reviews , but learned the hard way this time . what a waste of $ 20 , this barber named big nig sucks did not realize until went home and showered . it was a rough cut the whole time and did not cut clean either , could have done a better job with scissors myself . fool was on drugs or something maybe just bipolar talking to himself while f ' n up my hair . save your money for a better place than this .	761
1	just had a bowl of soup , but the omb copper amber ale is delish ! ! quick , friendly service : )	219
1	love this place ! the staff is friendly and efficient , the office clean . sign is simple , i never have to wait long . dr. dan gave a thorough explanation of my treatment plan and the reasoning behind it . i felt immediate relief after my first adjustment and am looking forward to my next visit .	1274
0	stay away . they did not clean my vents they spray sanitizer and call them clean . they quoted us at 129 and when the job was done they asked for 200 dollars . spoke with the manager and he started yelling and screaming on the phone like a 2 year old . when i said i would write a review on yelp he said he did not care because he pays yelp . whatever that means ? ? our vents are still filthy we have to have professionals come out this time to get them done correctly .	182
0	easily the worse course i have played in phoenix . the round was 5+ hours and the fairways look like a fire had just been put out . the starter was awful and did n't even tell me who i was paired up with and when i was teeing off . there is a reason why the website has a digital flyby and the rate is so cheap . save yourself the trouble and pay the extra $ 20 to play a better course .	85
0	i 'm sorry but this sonic is n't even worth reviewing about . all bad : / wrong order . and rude employees .	994
0	well , it seems parallax really needs to figure out that the reservation system should be a bit more aligned with the time in which one expects to be seated ( 8:30 reservation typically does not mean 9:10 seating in cleveland ) . also , i should have just said that i 'd like the dish of fancy salt on my table as my entree , because it would have been complimentary and that 's what i ended up receiving in lieu of the udon noodle order anyhow . also , if you order a bottle of wine and it 's not sitting on your table , then your waiter should be johnny on the spot refilling those glasses . alas . underwhelmed , indeed .	487
0	went in for an implant constellation and 15 minutes later got a surprise $ 200 charge that insurance does n't cover but he reduced it down to $ 100 . nice guy , just wish they were more clear about prices beforehand .	3240
0	excellent groomers ... ..when they show up . i was just stood up for the 3rd time in 10 months , despite confirming the appointments in advance . once they were scheduled at 3:00pm on a sunday and did n't call to cancel , just showed up at 7:30pm in the middle of sunday dinner with a large family gathering . my neighbor has had the same issues with being stood up as well . i 've been really tolerant because they do a good job , but 3 strikes ... you 're out ! there are plenty of other mobile groomers that are good and happy to have my business .	2324
1	amazing customer service . it 's nice to not feel rushed when you are finding the right juice . sidd helped me out and it was just a fantastic time lots of fun trying the flavours he had great recommendations . overall stellar experience !	3845
0	comfy chairs and the food was decent . we wanted to order the 6-8pm dinner special at 5:55 . server refused and said we have to wait til 6 !	176
0	bought a groupon for a deluxe mani-pedi . made the appointment last week and they did n't bother to tell me the address used by groupon is wrong . so i show up today as scheduled and no one is there and i wait 20 mins . there 's no sign at their old location saying they moved even though it looks like an actual business is still there . i called and left a message and no one has called me back now 4 hours later . i went to elan nail & spa which is less than a mike away . great service at elan 's ! i recommend them over flawlace !	916
1	great local bike shop , with something for everyone , and even some food ( sandwiches and baked goods ) !	3726
0	this was by far the worst tuna sub i 've ever had . both my mother and i order the same thing , and both our sandwiches were awful . they were sloppy and very unappealing . thought it would taste better than it looked , but it definitely did not . to top it all off now we both feel nauseous .	1289
1	great customer service ! five stars ! ! ! so happy to have brought my car here . my car looked brand new after my wash . i got the one where they detail the interior as well . i even got a free air freshener for the car ( i do n't know what they were implying , haha ! ) . impeccable service . really good prices for what you get . staff was super friendly and helpful . i 'm definitely going to be a regular . oh , and i love the 72 hour rain warranty thingy .	2359
1	i 've been shopping at otp for years . they have a great variety of things to spice up the decor in your house . recently , we bought some items for our new house and they had a lot to choose from . we bought a huge clock for our wall , a floor mate , and some other items for our mantle . the prices are n't unreasonable either . we 'll be back soon because we need more stuff for this house , like a chair for my daughter 's room . otp is ok in my book .	2184
0	no greeting as soon as we get in . all staff had a sour face w/a very bad attitude to match . we were very hungry but left after talking to each other and agreed how we do n't need to give our money to a place like this . there was a bunch of us family too w/my mother-in-law from ca that had her heart set on korean . what a dissapoinment ! at least we 're now here walking distance trying out a viet cafe , already a big difference w/the staff !	435
1	been here 4x now . the best thing on the menu is the chips and guacamole . best ever - hands down . i 've had fairly good experiences with the carne asada tacos and quesadillas . according to my boyfriend , their chilaquiles is very good as well . also , great live music .	190
1	i 've been coming here for the past few months and am very happy with the prices and services . i bring my friends family and clients here as often as i can	2372
0	was going to attend this location due to its ' high reviews compared to the other massage envy locations . however , i was canceled on me 6 minutes before my scheduled appointment if i were to do the same i would be stuck paying the cancellation fee instead i 'm just screwed and out of luck . very annoying .	2120
1	this is one of the best old-school mexican restaurants . everything about the place is outstanding . great sauce , cheese , beans , rice , salsa , enchiladas , tacos and the huge selection of tequila . this is a legend of a mexican restaurant in phoenix .	1346
0	worst customer service when they need to replace a warranty item . last year it took 3 months of persistent calls and text to get replacement couch piece after owning for 1 year . this year..another 3 months of nagging for another couch piece replacement . still havent received . richard responds once out of every 10 contacts but never delivers . a 1 rating is too high .	3828
1	from the reviews , we had to try the crispy kau chee , cold ginger chicken , and almond pressed duck . all delicious . the spot itself gave a sf hole in the wall feel that we like . do n't order the wine unless you like your wine sweet . do get the salted duck egg and mix with your rice for added salty goodness . worth the trip from the southside !	1103
1	home style meals at a great price . michele 's place is a perfect small town mayberry kind of diner where you can get great food and it wo n't hurt your pockets . the homefries are amazing , and probably the best i 've ever had at a restaurant .	531
1	this was , without hesitation , one of the most spectacular meals of my lifetime . the young head chef and his entire team were beyond amazing . we did the 10 course tasting menu and i have rarely had such exquisite flavors that were perfectly paired . from the mousse bouche to elk , shrimp and sea bass ... it 's all wonderful . this chef will surely be one of the next big names in the culinary world . well done team . best.meal.all.year splurge and eat here ! ! ! ! !	783
0	i signed up for the unlimited washes but after moving from the neighborhood i 've attempted on 4 occasions to cancel my monthly unlimited washes . this has been going on for 3 months now . on the first 2 visits to cancel i was in the office as they clicked away on the computer telling me that they were canceling my membership right there . all attempts to cancel i was i was told my membership would be cancelled and that i would not be charged , but that in fact has not happened and i 've continued to be charged . im now resorting to canceling my card .	2044
1	overall the tavern is a terrific casual bar and consistently good food . the wine variety and price points are on point and we enjoy the live music nights . mark tarbell plays some nights - that 's always fun to see him jamming with the band . thanks for being close and yummy !	286
0	horrendous place to go too ! ! probably not even real doctors . they 'll write you a prescription for whatever you need , but to get it refilled or to actually get the prescription from the pharmacy is nuts ! ! ! the dr 's never call back or do anything to help you aside from your appointment .	3349
1	love bowlmor . we came here for a friends birthday and got a warming dish of soft pretzels . of course the menu said two different dipping sauces than we received . more options would have been nice , especially because bae does n't like mustard . the staff is friendly and the bar is handy . they had free corn-hole so after our two hours were up we were able to get in a few rounds of that before we called it an evening . we are for sure going to coming back here for future bowling adventures .	3296
1	roger showed up at the prearranged time and completed the job efficiently . he was supervised constantly by two dogs and a cat , and this did not distract him from his task . when he left there was no trace that he had been other than the newly installed bathroom faucet .	1473
1	sara is amazing ! ! ! she literally shares me all the infos how to take care of the eyelashes . i bought the refill deals before i left the place . very highly recommend ! ! !	3685
0	found this place on yelp and thought i 'd try it out . should be open at 10 but here i am at 10:15 and they 're closed . thanks for wasting my time	152
0	beware ! ! ! ! this place is a complete rip off ! ! i took my daughter in and after a one hour visit , i was billed $ 1600.00 . that does n't include what my insurance already paid them . you may get in quickly , but it 's not worth it !	350
1	had a great experience here . hosted a baby shower here in the banquet room and the staff was so helpful ! their bartender crystal was extremely kind and courteous . i had a great experience and will be suggesting this place to friends when they are looking for somewhere to have an event .	1520
1	always fresh bagels and a lovely staff . go there and they already know my order .	414
1	this might be the last place in the city where you can get a classic breakfast ( 3 eggs , bacon/sausage/ham , toast , homefries and fruit ) for less than $ 5 . the service was friendly and quick , and the food was good . their homefries were nice and crispy , with seasoning spice on them . the atmosphere is homey ... wood chairs and carpetting . it reminds me of an 80s home-cooking restaurant , in a good way . we 'll definitely be back if we 're ever in the area again .	1310
0	have gone to sports clips a number of times . they do n't take appointments so this is a business model that is acceptable to people who do n't mind spending time watching sports . yesterday , i waited more than an hour and was told if i leave and come back another day , i will return to the end of the line . i left and will never go back .	2352
0	after several months , i am still waiting on word or payment from an armoire i consigned ... .no one can help me on the phone nor will they respond to email inquiries . i can not recommend this business . i guess they are able to stay in business since they apparently just sell other people 's stuff and keep all the money .	2924
1	the technician did such an amazing job on my gel french manicure . she took her time w/ my cuticles and went back in with many layers of paint to make sure the colors were bright enough : - )	258
0	they advertised a `` couples '' special , but did not put anywhere in their website or their paper ad that the gym requires the couple to be co-habitating in order to qualify as a `` couple . '' they should really have made it a roommate special . i 've had several difficult experiences with this gym , and i recommend that you go elsewhere for your fitness needs .	1984
0	stay away from apache glass ... .i would give these guys negative stars if possible . they are receptive when they want to sell you a $ 3,000 shower enclosure ... but not so much if you need it fixed . they have the worst customer service ... .you might want to tape what comes out of their mouth so you can play it back at a later time ... be warned .	3589
0	avoid ! ! we 've been to them a few times and they are always friendly . however they raise the price every trip . now my regular manicure has gone up $ 10 . we usually come in with several people and spend between us all about $ 300- $ 400 , every 2 weeks . they did not care when we expressed concern about the changing prices . too bad because we were looking at other services they offer .	3333
1	amazing food , great service . been going for years and never a complaint about the quality of food or service . the owners greet you , play with your kids , treat your kids , and gladly accommodate you . never rude how some reviews claim , it 's just how they are ... get ovaaaaa it ! ! will always be a customer of theirs as long as they are in business .	768
0	i have just passed by to get the 56 banh mi . and it tastes terrible not as usual . they used an ole stale loaf of bread to make this banh mi for me . extremely chewy and i felt like i was eating cardboard paper . disappointed !	673
1	great job done by silver state . hired them to clean my apartment before i moved . it looked better then before i moved in . i would hire them again . great prices and great cleaning service .	2875
0	this is plain crazy . my prescription was promised for today and i ordered it a week ago but they do n't have it . the pharmacist is trying very hard to help the customers . the customer service of the front staff is horrible . phone lines are busy , no one is answering and prescriptions are n't being filled . sorry but find another pharmacy .	1372
0	went to try the infamous meatball cone . the flavor of food was very good . i will say it did not arrive very hot and was cold before i was done . the staff working the register was less than friendly - while the staff cleaning tables was very nice . saw customers showing other customers how to use the wine machine while there was other staff not doing anything . concept is cool - execution seems flawed .	712
0	someone needs to tell the cook how make a reuben sandwich . microwaved ? i think not . the thing was dripping with almost boiling hot sauerkraut juice . feh ! stick with what they do best : bagels , bialys and cream cheese	325
0	this place is ridiculous and ca n't even do what 's correctly paid for . i ordered a massage with aroma therapy which of course is a separate charge . my wife got her massage but not therapy . their response was `` oh we forgot and assumed the extra was for gratuity '' . then she states `` come back for another massage and we will give it for free '' . really your going to give me something for free that i 've already paid for but expect me to pay for another full massage to get what i paid for ? no thanks . what criminals	2252
1	what a pleasant medical office experience . i do n't recall a shorter wait any other place . xrays taken , reviewed , and a treatment plan discussed within about a half hour . dr. raia is a great guy to see for an upper extremity issue !	2896
1	it 's not fast food right ? ! lol if you want an alternative to the `` typical '' fast food and you want a quick bite this is the place for you . eat as healthy as you wish or not ... .this has it all and who does n't love chicken ? this is a new location with plenty of space inside . it 's clean and new . the drive thru is a double lane as it gets busy but they move you thru quite quickly . if it 's in season get the peach milkshake ... it 's the best !	1350
0	the staff here does n't get two shits about their jobs . attitude towards everyone . their priorities are totally off . i sat there for 10 minutes while they made stuff for the front showcase until they made an actual customers order . i came in the day prior and they said that they are not making super bowls today then continued chatting with their friends . awful service that 's for sure .	3223
0	worst experience of my life ! ! i like deep tissue massage however this guy left me unable to sleep that evening with burn marks from the towel on my back while massaging my back ! felt more like he was massaging my spine ! i am bruised and burned ! when i told him enough he laughed and kept going . could n't wait to leave as i felt i had been assaulted ! afterwards i felt dizzy and weak . he also cracked my back like a chiropractor and i thought i was going to die . no kidding ! i will never go back and will tell everyone about this experience ! ! !	2330
1	this place is amazing ! i ordered the lamb tagine and my friend ordered the chicken kabob . everything was cooked to perfection with a lot flavor ! also , the owner is friendly and has a very good energy about him !	1419
0	i was excited to have another vegan place close by but my breakfast here was disappointing . i 'm not sure the name of the burrito , but it had the lentil sausage in it . i offered it without sour cream or apples . it was literally potatoes and barely cooked lentils . it tasted like i was eating barbeque sauce and i hate barbeque sauce . also since i had the gluten free tortilla it was tiny . and yet cost me 12 dollars ( with a regular coffee ) .	1254
1	cheap drinks , cheap pool . amazing bar food ... best in town . i do n't know which chef they have locked up back there , but they bring out some amazing food . certainly unexpected ... but it keeps me coming back .	717
1	i love this deli ! i 've been going here on and off for over 20 years when ever i 'm nearby . i even bought a gambaccini print here many years ago that 's still hanging in my office today . today i got the cubano , it was fantastic and always happy to support local businesses .	675
0	service at this popular sandwich shop has gotten worse with each visit . came early to beat the lunch crowd , only to wait as the register was unattended for 10 min . waited another 20 min for my sandwich . there were 10 people waiting at tables for the meals . everyone was pleasant enough , but it does not make up for the poor service .	1494
0	nearly a total miss . only item keeping this from a one star review was the ribs . good taste , but very salty . the smashed potatoes were too salty to eat and clearly not mixed well as i repeatedly hit pockets of black pepper that almost made me sneeze . the slaw was unremarkable - more spice than taste . hubs liked his smoked chicken . and the portions ... why so humongous ? i 'm not henry viii . there is no need for that much food . save it and increase your margins . brew gentlemen should find a new friday night food truck .	3925
0	i was rear ended in september of '14 and hendrick sent my jeep to this meineke location for the replacement of my exhaust system . they installed the tail pipe crooked the first time , second attempt and they installed it so it came out right by the d link on my bumper which discolors it . six months after install i hit a pot hole and the exhaust pipe breaks clean off the muffler ! i go back assuming the poor weld would be covered , nope ! long story short , i had to go back to hendrick , get pushback from lower level managers until i spoke to upper mgmt who sent me to muffler masters .	2040
0	we had a tickets to see barry manilow on saturday , october 16 , 2010 . we drove from los angeles to las vegas only to get to the theater and have them tell us that the show was cancelled , with no explanation as to why . we were told that we would get a refund , and i 'm sure we will , but this whole experience was extremely disappointing . we wo n't stay at paris las vegas or attend any shows there ever again .	570
0	totally messed up my order food was bland and burned . i was there a while back and it was good . must be poor management and quality control know . wo n't go back	1239
1	i love chipotle . it was one of my favorite chain establishments . i could eat here every day for the rest of my life . the people who work at this chipotle are very nice . they are very generous with the cheese - which is one of the best parts about my burrito bowl . 5 stars . it breaks my heart that people would give chipotle anything less .	1328
1	i like the names of the sushi at this place . you can just yell it out to the chef when you sit at the bar . yes , i will take the big ass slut please.. plus , the sushi is fresh and they will change whatever you want and add stuff to it . i like to add green onion to lots of sushi.. ok time to go eat my big ass slut roll..	408
1	i go to gretta for facials and love the job she does . afterwards my skin glows and gretta is a delight to spend the hour with . i would recommend a facial with gretta anytime . you will not be disappointed .	2252
0	the dentist is awesome , but it ends there . i had partials made . the partials do not fit . the office made two visits for me to supposedly have the lab tech at the visit to adjust the partials , both times the lab tech was not there . the second visit i was told the tech left for the holidays ( just before christmas ) and the dental office would call me to reschedule . it is the middle of february and i am still waiting for their call . but happy dental has received payment from both insurance carriers , so they do n't care !	1452
1	after a session at the gym my girl stopped by the sweat store and i was with her . all for the ladies but a section for the gents is coming soon although i do n't think it is going to be permanent . very well laid out design and they have a bit of everything and many different brands . i did like the spiritual aura inside the boutique and the lady inside was quite positive to be around . as i do not spend a great deal of time on the westside our paths shall have to cross in another realm , namaste .	3128
1	i use epic valet for all of my business travel at the airport . there is nothing more efficient than to pull up right to the curb and drop my car off . i love the return as well it helps to get me out of here as fast as possible . i highly recommend using epic valet !	2668
0	yesterday i requested for style ombre hair , and they left me with a horrible color , it was nothing compared to what i asked for , and when i asked them to fix it they denied to even try ; horrible and sad ! !	2340
1	awesome shop ! george and his crew are excellent barbers ! great vibe inside the shop . well worth every penny !	2591
0	i have always loved this bank ... until now . opened a homeowners claim for a downed fence . after the run around regarding the repairs now we ca n't get an answer on the claim since they are busy . two weeks and counting meanwhile i have a fence propped up and i 'm still paying the premium .	3429
0	great looking complex with grounds that are well kept . however , i would n't recommend renting or buying here because of their ridiculous hoa rules . you ca n't have a doot mat or certain colored curtains . do yourself a favor and rent or buy somewhere else .	3475
1	they get 5 stars because i ca n't give them 10 ! ! ! they are awesome ! ! great selection & prices . vickie helped us select laminate & carpet . she zeroed in on what we wanted & showed us selections that fit the bill perfectly ! highly recommend pro-source ! !	1918
1	2nd time coming to this location and always great service , this rainbow location always ensures to carry fiat filters , which most service centers will not stock . used to go to the fiat dealer , but always end up having issues with my vehicle and service . i highly recommend superior tire on rainbow for all your auto service needs , thank you guys for your quick and efficient service , hope to be a customer for many years .	2392
0	my boyfriend and i both had terrible experiences here . gus ' attitude is - well special . if you can handle it great - otherwise why should anyone have to deal with it . after all are n't we the customers ? the prices are outrageous ... and finally - i had 2 dresses that i entrusted to them for adjustments . let 's say - they are both completely unusable . why ? well , my butt is nearly exposed on one of the dresses . ( not exaggerating ) . and the other - is terrible ... .. i would not recommend them to anyone ... very very truly disappointed as i could use a good honest knowledgeable helpful tailor./ seamstress ... .	442
0	been a few times but will not go back . service is just ok . check your bill carefully as they will include tip and not tell you . ended up tipping twice . when i brought this to the owners attention , i was made to feel as if it was my fault . we had 6 people in our party for the record and eived a less than professional response from the establishment ! this was the typical answer i expected hence the reason i wo n't be going back ! rather than worrying what your customers are doing christmas eve , you should worry about integrity in your restaurant !	1386
0	came here for my birthday breakfast . host said we can pick our own seat and did n't hand us menus . 10 min later we stood up to get our own menu . a server finally came after sitting there for a while . put out order in , literally waited just for ppl that got there after us to get there food . no one checked up or anything , we literally had to get up and go , i bet no one even notice . worse denny 's out here . it 's slow , the employees are just goofying off , like we ca n't see them , so unprofessional .	317
0	so many options of tea to choose from . the shop is n't crowded most of the time but when it is crowded it is hard to move around the shop because there is n't much space to move around in . they do have coffee but just like the tea it does n't seem to be stored correctly . this is a great little shop to get gifts for your mom or grandmother . the items might be a little overpriced but if you like tea you are sure to find something here you like .	1462
0	we were patients of both dr vesna and her husband , dr petar , jamborcic for several years and were satisfied . then dr petar misdiagnosed a hernia problem on my husband , which later resulted in a rupture and major infection . then , without going into details , dr vesna violated patient confidentiality . she also would leave the room while seeing us and we later found out she was calling other doctors for info and would come back in and present the info as her own knowledge . so we left and are now seeing another doctor we trust .	965
0	it 's a terrible experience . i bought six warranties with it . they changed my policies in early 2017 without letting me know . i only found out in august . the service specialist i worked with claimed that i was notified . in early october , i wanted to cancel the home warranties with hlwp . i mailed the cancellation letter as requested . it took hlwp four months to finish the cancellation process and send me the refund . because of that , they only refunded me portion of the money .	2369
0	the education is great . however , as a incoming student beware of a scam that the payment office has . despite the fact that the vast majority of students are covered by their parents medical plan , they take the position that you are not and you have to prove it to them . every year . the forms are cumbersome and if you do not fill it out right , it costs you $ 1200 ! ! ! i have had to fight with them multiple years . once again , great education , but greedy .	1722
0	omg , talk about watered down vietnamese food ! a great introduction for those who have never tried viet cuisine i guess , but do n't come here expecting authentic vietnamese taste .	194
1	went to nypd today and food was ever so perfect . we had picked up our food without waiting , the staff had our ready for us . i will recommend this to my friends and family . thanks nypd for making our night enjoyable !	581
0	slow service . the hot food was ok nothing special . the sushi was very good . the servers need more training in every single way you can imagine . my girl had no problems this time i guess im the crazy this time . ; )	745
1	this hotel has been my go-to hotel in downtown for the last two or three years . they 've undergone some renovations and rooms have definitely improved . with their prices being very affordable , you ca n't expect anything fancy . they have free wifi , breakfast downstairs , a gym and an underground parking lot - my most needed amenities . you can usually book them through third party discount sites for better rates !	1680
1	its a car drive for me but i love this coffee . i do n't not like star be sucks at all . i wish it was closer to where i live . there are to many starbucks here and would like more of a choice . i will keep coming to this location for my favorite coffee . please come to surprise .	3571
1	best place for a smoothie ! ! so much cheaper than jamba juice ! nutritional smoothies are only $ 4.50 and i usually get a meal replacement for $ 5.50 . me and hubby like to play with flavors , my favorite is strawberry banana and mango ! the staff is really cool and friendly . love this place	3089
1	when the craving hits and china town is too far away . finding a good banh mi sandwich is hit and miss but this place is spot on . always clean , friendly staff and good food . also the portions are awesome lots of meat in the sandwiches , bread is always fresh . great prices for students and hungry folks on a budget .	673
1	great venue ! ! ! awesome staff : bartenders , door folks and sound man were great . recommend howlers to anyone wishing to play the burg	98
0	not happy with my past visit . my hubby got me an apointment and i was excited to go , but the end result was not what i wantted . i showed a picture to the hair stylist and she began chopping away . then the finished product was a bob . i wantted a pixie , but you know what i would never go back to this place . let say hubby was surprised when i came home . now i 'm just with this hair style i did n't want .	3554
0	i 'm writing a review about my first phone call to this office . i called and kim answered . i explained i was a new or patient and need to schedule an appt . she was very rude and didt want to be helpful at all . maybe customer service is not a good fit for her . she stated the next new patient appt was n't until the end of february . i wo n't be calling back there again .	2143
0	entered into this bank at 1pm this saturday , i was treated like i was a burden that i did not make an appointment , there were 5 bank people seemingly available , larry the sweet young kid , checked with everyone if they could open an account with me- yet had this air about him that i walked in at 1 with no appointment ... wow , fascinating- and people wonder why they loose their job and establishments close down , energy is everything . bummer for them , they lost my business . and my sweetheart , who wants me to open this account , whose chase opens on sunday 's to cash a check for him , will have these asses fired .	3202
0	worst sushi i 've ever had . service was also bad . i wo n't be back . it smelled fishy and tasted bad .	626
1	christina , denis and steven all did my pedi/mani on tuesday night about 1 hour before closing and did an awesome job ! even though i kept them late they made sure my nails were perfect , i will definitely be back !	1288
0	they have been making harassing phone calls to my cell phone for years . every time i block the number i get a call from another number . they are illegally sourcing leads and change the name of the company to safelite auto glass when confronted . emily , a 'manager ' said i was i liar , that they had never called me before , and had no idea how they got my personal cell phone number . they deserve to go out of business .	200
1	really good boba and smoothies . i definitely recommend this place my kid loves this place i had the rose smoothie and found out they actually put extremely small rose petals in there and the rose flavor is incredible and the fruit smoothies are very fresh .	1898
0	i would never recommend this practice . i went in for a simple procedure and it was on july 24th and i still have been unable to get results from this practice or the doctor i saw . they have given me every excuse , the doctor is not in the office , my chart is at another office , we will call you first thing in the morning , the doctor is on vacation , can not give you information until i talk to the doctor , etc . etc	974
0	the place was busy so we assumed it would be great . food was ok . terrible service . waited 20 minutes for drinks , 40 minutes for food . and only 6 tables were occupied- not busy .	267
1	i found dr. dameron after a previously horrible dentist experience , i contacted my insurance agency this time to make sure they were in my network and procedures would be covered . though dr. dameron had great reviews through google , i have learned to be skeptic because of fake reviews . i 'm so glad to this day i found dr. dameron and his team , the office staff is great and i could n't speak more highly of dr. dameron . he 's very nice , caring , and you can tell he genuinely loves what he does . i 'd refer him to anyone !	3245
0	do not recommend . i got the gold package , on a slow day . at least 2 guys were working on my car at once , and they still somehow missed my whole car . the rear doors were n't dusted , back seat floors still had grass , front dashboard was n't dusted all the way , 2 windows had smears everywhere , and the bottom of the outside of my car still has dirt ! the only reason i 'm giving them 2 stars instead of 1 is because they will let me come in for a free do-over .	2359
0	this place is horrible , the manager accepted an online purchased item and then never processed a refund and the corporate office hounded me where the item was and would not help me resolve this issue . overpriced crappy cabinet that could not be properly assembled . wo n't be long before this company closes its doors like so many before it that forget what customer service is and who they really work for . i own a business never again	3587
1	i 've been here more times than i 've checked in and some know me now . everyone is always friendly and helpful , especially considering they have to repeat the same questions and instructions multiple times a day , every day . they 've got a great setup here except when they are busy and the wait is more than 15 minutes . i 'll be going back again in 8 weeks !	355
0	very disappointing ... extremely slow service . food below average . sea food in a bag ... very poor . i will not be back	1294
1	it 's not the best barbecue in arizona , but it 's not bad for a chain . the steak is normally a really nice cut of meat and the ribs fall off the bone . definitely load up on the bread . these rolls are bomb dot com . the staff is overall pretty great , although i 've seen some pretty stupid patrons of this establishment here .	1491
1	have been dealing with the team at john bead for many years for all our carnival and craft projects they know their stuff . prices are usually good and it pays to buy in volume .	2445
1	this laquinta is in a good central locations with wonderful clean rooms and a very nice staff . the young woman in the breakfast room obviously loves what she does and greets each guest in a friendly and warm manner . this hotel is very pet friendly with a nice grassy open area . the hotel is all non smoking and well kept . garcia 's mexican restaurant within walking distance , and it is near the airport .	1412
1	this is the first place i ever came to for my nails when i moved to vegas in 2005 . i 've been coming back ever since then . they have new gossip magazines , the place is very clean , best massage chairs , and they are always friendly . i 've never had one problem in all the years i 've gone here . highly recommend this nail place .	3347
0	went in on a rainy saturday . hostess was very friendly as was the waitress . prompt seating and service . the special was salmon tacos and the waitress said they were excellent so we went with her suggestion . our food came and the first notable items were the apparent store bought taco shells . the fish was not seasoned and very bland . the salsa tasted/looked like it was from a jar . the food was essentially bland and ill prepared . the building was excellent . the beer selection was great for the area . parking was good . my money is better spent elsewhere .	211
0	very lousy check in and we were turned away from receiving service because they were closing at 5 . so frustrating because we got there around 4:20 . although this place is in our neighborhood , we wo n't be going back .	265
0	called to see if they had something and got told `` call back later no one here '' , then when i went in got the same type of cold shoulder treatment at cash .	2595
1	this is a great little dollar tree , not the hugest one in town but the employees are especially nice and everything is clean and organized . the employees really know their merchandise too , everything i asked about they were able to tell me where it was or let me know that it was something they did n't carry or were out of .	3068
1	really great service and clean facilities ! they made the experience comfortable and were very professional . they gave me options for pricing and let me choose what was right for my needs . as a bonus , the gentlemen always opened all doors for me ! friendly , courteous , and fast . will be back !	3092
0	insane . always charging for unnecessary rests . ca n't just get shots has to do.this and that test . i have spent the last 600 bucks here . please leave ft mill .	1766
1	aptive and john k. did a terrific job with my initial pest treatment- explained what the different types of treatments were and what bugs would be taken care of , made us feel comfortable about potentially seeing additional pests because of disturbing their patterns and if did , to call them to come back for a no-cost follow-up treatment . on time with the appointment and thorough with their stay- much appreciated ! -- brian m .	2351
0	bought 2 wallets , 2 bags , and a belt from the fashion square location , their product quality is not worth the money . when i told the manager that the stitches in one of my wallets was starting to come out and some other defects they were rude to me and treated me like im some trash . my family and i are never going to go back their again . horrible horrible service do n't shop there .	1493
0	the quality and taste of the food is average in comparison to those served in the greater toronto or downtown toronto . while the decor and service is better than average chinese restaurants , it is hard to justify for the prices that this restaurant charges . of note , the luckee duck ( peking duck ) was a smallish dish that had duck pieces cut poorly ( ie . instead of having mostly sliced crispy skin , its skin + fat + meat cut perpendicularly like at meat shops ) . the sesame donut was not cooked properly and had areas that were rock hard solid . not impressed ... . there are so many better choices at half the price .	1441
1	my husband and i have lived here almost a year , and have enjoyed our stay . our refrigerator broke , and after i had notified the office , they had looked at the fridge and replaced it with a brand new one in under an hour . so the service was quick and great . the office is also always very friendly !	1599
0	overall had a good lunch experience , just one suggestion ... more meat ... more meat ! customer service was great ! pho dac biet review pros -broth smells good , tastes pretty good cons -literally had no tripe and no tendons ! -a bit pricey for the amount of noodles and meat	947
0	this place is nice but packed i have asked other people about the place and they said this was normal it is a little hard to get an appointment to i think that tottori over extended this place the nurses were nice and friendly and also the doctor but i did feel a little rushed as for the other part of the staff that is a different story front desk was n't the best customer service no smile no hello just sign the sheet ? and for scheduling had a little bit of an attitude it was just either take the appointment or go somewhere else ? left a little salty taste in my mouth not sure if i 'm going to go back	1964
0	first time in and thought the place was well lit and clean . place an order to go and watched other sit to dine in . they were never help and eventually left . no servers , just the young lady taking orders .	562
1	they are the administrative arm of a national award-winning home-based pr firm . they have exceeded my expectations for years , always over-performing and super nice . i give them the highest possible recommendation . they are rock solid with results and super friendly .	329
0	will not go back here . the stylist i had cut my hair uneven , then got an attitude when i came back to have it fixed . i went back to see another stylist here a couple months later and that same stylist who cut my hair uneven was bashing one of her clients in front of everyone . i do not want to go somewhere where i have to worry about whether or not they are going to talk bad about me to their other clients .	2265
1	chicago dog was delicious . my husband had a double cheeseburger was probably the best cheeseburger ive had in while .	953
0	charlies has lost it 's identity . run down and dirty . on friday night of the world gay rodeo finals they played no country music and had no country dancing . they had a blow up child 's pool on the floor with a garden hose hanging overhead . a stripper was standing in the pool and he was so bad only about 4 people tipped . on saturday night they did play country music although few few people danced not even the charlies dancers . the energy was bad with an uninteresting crowd . many locals expressed how it has changed for the worse .	3661
1	i ordered the sushi and shashimi platter and watched my chef make it . i loved it but was never informed on what i was eating . i can tell you if you sit at the bar and watch them , they are also watching you . i love the compassion of the chef - i happen to read something very sad on my facebook and cried a few tears , the poor chef did n't know what was going on . i was able to gather myself but he took the time to lean over and say , i hope you have a good night . what a sweet man !	446
1	we thought this was a great taco shop . very authentic mexican food in las vegas . clean , service excellent . ca n't wait to go back for another meal !	857
0	ok so our hotel gave a coupon and my guests wanted atousa taste donuts for the first time , so went there . never buy a coffee from there , just do n't . donuts were ok . but i 'm not a donut guy . so.. there were 3 tables , always full . in summary , not going there again . employees were really nice tho .	2666
0	poor service . trash was over flowing . soda machine was down behind the counter and the machine used by the public . no one cleaned the tables the whole time that we sat and ate our meal ... . mr. carl would turn over in his grave with disappointment	830
0	in and out in less than 10 minutes.. our first-time here . looking for suggestions n help ... '' i need dog food for my dogs '' ... . we have food everywhere just go look '' she didnt bother to ask about breed or need.. thn walked away . for that kinda service we can grab a bag off wal-mart s shelf . young people n customer service ... oxymoron	498
0	the owner ruined my favorite shirt ! buyer beware . do n't take anything here you are n't able to replace ! !	3708
0	it 's a decent spot to get breakfast type foods . i made a take-away order this last saturday . waffle - strawberry/nutella : nutella was not used , it seemed more like a chocolate syrup . potato scramble : enjoyed it , was pretty good . tornado fries ( flame grill bbq ) : i ca n't really comment on this one because when i got home , they had n't packed it with the rest of the food . disappointed that i did n't get the entire meal nor was nutella used .	580
0	bring back the self checkout . the lines are too long at the so called express lines . now i head to frys , across the street , when i 'm picking up a few things . also , what 's up with the assorted warm wings counter , which has all but replaced the healthier roasted chicken , and turkey breast . scores of shoppers grabbed the roasted chicken to provide their families with a healthy , quick dinner . chicken wings , fried and sauced or coated with bread crumbs , etc and fried are no substitute . this happened as safeway ran tv ads for organic food , `` o '' brand .	2105
1	mess load of nachos ( carne asada ) came jam packed with lots of toppings , meat , guacamole , cheese , beans and were a great deal for 7 bux . carne asada burrito for 5 bux was simple and tasty , not enormous , but def more than enough food . do n't expect a neat and clean restaraunt , as no one was cleanin tables , but hey its a taco joint so we were n't suprised .	322
1	i have had my hair cut at some of the higher end salons in vegas . i came in here not expecting much but then i met tay and she was the best ! she listened to what i wanted and delivered ! she made me feel comfortable and offered a scalp cleanser that made my head feel so good ! i 'll be back . i highly recommend her to anyone looking for a quality yet inexpensive haircut .	3025
1	quiet little café looks really awesome it also has a lot of really great suites to try the location is different , but they 've created a great atmosphere ! definitely worth checking out ! great looking patio	27
1	i 'm very picky because i use to do nails , i 'm happy to say that i 've been very satisfied with bobby . he 's very good at what he does always eager to please . been happy with the pedis too . i always get gel on my toes because it lasts longer . go here & you will be happy too .	3682
0	caveat emptor with this operation ! i bought a box at the san francisco airport for my wife . when i got home , the box of 16 only had 8 chocolates inside . the rest of the box was filled with a very pretty cardboard spacer . what a sweet surprise ! nice way to do business ... .	550
0	for starters the place is the same as before , it 's still to bright , food fare , beer selection fare , bad decor same place different sign we felt the food was the same as eating at eat-n-park fish was over cooked , & just a plain , bland chicken salad but the tomatoes were fresh in this case a change in the name did n't change restaurant	385
1	this place is small , intimate , and absolutely delicious . my husband and i went last night to celebrate our two year wedding anniversary . after casually mentioning it to the server that it was our first time here , the owner came by our table to chat with us and welcome us . i had the seared scallops with sweet potato hash and my husband had the seafood pasta . we both enjoyed it very much . for dessert we enjoyed the chocolate pot de creme . delicious ! on our way out we even got a congratulations from other diners surrounding us . it was the perfect anniversary dinner . definitely recommend this place and we will be back .	229
1	great new addition to toronto 's dining scene . simple menu , great food , excellent staff , cozy atmosphere . highly recommend veal parm	28
1	what a friendly welcoming place ! when i am in town , i get my favorite , chocolate , lemon and cherry ice layered in a medium size cup . it reminds me of my beloved italian ices we used to get at the pizzerias in ny in the summertime , missing the squishy paper cups ! you can also get any flavor ice with a big swirl of the thick vanilla frozen custard inside it- my son loves that one .	2162
1	$ 5 mondays are a steal you ca n't pass up ! what is this , 1997 ? even though watching a movie is something you can do at home , at that price it was a great addition to our vacation . service is quick all around . concessions are pretty much identical to other theaters regarding price , quality , etc . the seats are comfortable . though upon my last time there my seat was permanently reclined ( not a big problem ) . sound and video quality are excellent	491
0	very expensive . they may or may not have the best parts selection in town . they are batting 1 for 2 with me in finding the part i need . both times , however their prices were 2-3 times what i could get the same parts for elsewhere . unless you are completely desperate , and need the parts right away , i would not recommend them .	3242
0	the food is greasy , the service is slow and it is usually cold by delivery . we ordered twice and that was two times too many .	375
1	visited bernadette boyle ( aesthetician ) on 7/29/16 at the ironwood office . front desk friendly , no wait , escorted back promptly . bernadette was very friendly and helpful by first listening to my concerns and then offering solutions . she did not push any of their services and i could n't be happier . i scheduled another visit for some laser treatments . check out was great with beth !	2099
0	i had a feeling i would n't like body english too much ... and i was right ! it was n't too bad when we arrived ... there was actually space to dance ! but like 20 min later there was a flood of people entering . terrible crowd and the music kept repeating . the guys working there are super annoying too ! they do n't let you sit or stand anywhere for two seconds ! i lost one of my friends in the crowd and they would n't let me find her ! every one is packed like sardines on a pretty small dance floor ... ew ! i dunno maybe it just was n't for me but i would not go back .	3596
1	luckee is my fav for chinese . ordering your first time can be difficult , but all of the servers are super helpful . they are also very careful and accommodating with allergies which i appreciate . dishes i get usually : - teanhouse turnip cake with taro rosti - chicken potstickers - chicken cheung fun - green beans - short ribs ( these are the best ) - vegetable fried rice . the menu changed and now they dont technically have vegetable fried rice , but if you ask they will make it !	1441
1	i stopped in here to study while in the downtown las vegas area . there 's outdoor seating and plenty of seating inside too . the space is quite large and clear to catering to people coming here to camp out and study because lots of tables and different types : short , tall/bar , long tables . beverage was served quickly and was standard starbucks quality .	1996
1	this place is pretty tasty . i ordered the stuffed shells with meatballs , a side salad and meatball sub . the salad was great with veggies and delish house dressing . the shells were cheesy . the sauce was a great consistency . the meatballs were good . we have half of it left over . great price . friendly local business . not sure what the other people 's reviews expect for 2016 it could really have fed four people for $ 17 you ca n't beat it honestly but americans overeat . was good thank you	1416
1	dr. goldring and his team are absolutely amazing ! ! i 've been coming here for a while now and refuse to go anywhere else : )	2439
1	love shopping here since it 's close to home and on my way to work . they will price match with local competitor stores , like staples , office depot ( now merged with officemax ) , and even amazon prices . great place and great location !	3667
0	do not leave any personal belongings out , they will disappear . i had a toiletry bag swiped while i was right there in the shower room . when i approached the front desk regarding this the response i got was as follows : `` what do you want me to tell you '' . that is the kind of service you will get from the staff there . otherwise , gym is slow paced , older crowed but some good classes and no wait on machines .	2370
1	i will go back the prices are a little higher but i would understand if they had the service off the ipic theatre and get waitress . also they should allow tips for the bartenders	564
0	over $ 5,000 bill for a ultrasound and a shot . weigh that carefully before you go here ... . the fee to walk in the door is $ 2,931 . that being said , everyone was friendly and there was only 1 other patient in the place . maybe that 's why it cost so much ? unfortunately , billing someone like this will end up deterring people . i 'll never go here again .	350
0	i have been in c o w several times with friends . on my second visit with friends i tried the red velvet cupcake . it was dry and the frosting was waxy and stiff , more for decoration than eating . i did not finish it but gave it to a friend and she had the same comment . very expensive for what you get , this is not chicago . i agree with a previous review that you are paying mostly for the snappy decor . i will go in with friends but i never purchase anything there . selection very limited . the small cupcakes are very small and overpriced at $ 2.75 each for basically 2 bites . similar reviews on tripadvisor .	3749
1	chicas is cool if you got a little dough ... yea the bullies do show up ... .the dancers were always friendly ... .alot of locals go running there ... ..it 's small but fun ... ..thumb up ... ... ... ..	3751
0	by far the worst airline i 've ever flown . the flight and check in crews were rude . there were multiple delays in my flight home , which ended up leaving 2 hours later than the last posted delayed time . after paying baggage ( both checked and carry on ) fees as well as a fee for an upgraded seat ( which offered little to no additional room ) their prices are n't any cheaper than the major airlines .	1001
0	this giant eagle is terrible compared to the one on day drive . the kitchen/hot food selection is n't very good nor is it refreshed and maintained . the wine selection is very limited too . i know it 's a small/older store but the assortment mix can be better	1735
0	the most disorganized old navy i 've ever been to . not the most friendly nor helpful staff .	212
0	worst experience i have ever had ! after my order was made wrong , the girl at that counter proceeded to deconstruct my sandwich at the counter not only is it wrong but it 's disgusting as the owner /manager stood there not saying a word	325
1	located right on yonge street but very easy to miss . very friendly service . sign the waiver , check-in with facebook or yelp and you automatically get a discount ; $ 18 cash only ( debit is not cash lol ) . good use or props and background music . would recommend to large group !	3088
1	called to get a bid a week ago . gave my information to a women that answered . said she would give my information to the guy that does bids..well it 's been a week never received a call ... .oh well i got someone else doing the job.. thanks chip for replying to my yelp..means a lot when the owner reaches out..i do understand sometimes things happen that are out of our control . .maybe next time we can do business . .	3794
0	one star cause i cant give none . there shuttle service sucks ! ! ! ! poor customer service and customer communication . they dont inform u of a 15 minute call ahead for pick up and they dont tell you where to pick up the shuttle either considering there a 2 shuttle pick up and one they dont even go near . pretty messed up ! ! first time in vegas and very disappointed ! ! ! !	2872
0	the worst service in leather care in toronto . as well as terrible service , the workmanship can be done better by anyone that took a sewing class in high school . i should have known better by the display of disgustingly ugly sandals , that he has crafted , in the front of the shop . too bad yelp does n't allow 0/5 .	1948
0	supervisor was rude when returning an item . threw my groceries i was purchasing around . i 'll stick with trader joe 's or sprouts from now on for my organic groceries ... .much friendlier over there .	433
0	this place is terrible ! ! ! we are visiting from out of town and my husband needed a haircut . so we decided to give this place a try . my son and i waited in the car . the shop did n't look very busy so we figured it would n't be a long wait . well we were wrong . my husband waited for 30 minutes only to be told that they only took appointments today . why would you let someone wait ? common curtesy would be to have said that the moment my husband walked in . so rude ! ! !	3574
0	we bought some crawfish here one day and they were horrible we tossed them out . they were super cheap so no biggie we were n't expecting much . produce section has a nice variety so i 've been back a couple times . the other day i went back i saw dies buzzing around the fish and the shrimp was laying out in a bin and the ice underneath was completely melted . i highly doubt they were being stored at the right temp . so i do n't think i 'll be back .	1595
1	everyone was very nice , all smiles at this store ! i did mobile ordering and received my coffee as soon as i walked in . staff and store are awesome !	3690
0	bomb wings but slow service . took forever for the food to come out . cheap drink specials .	792
1	the price for a tune-up is very good . i liked the quick service and price . however , i did n't notice much difference during my ride , but i am a beginning rider . best prices in town for all maintenance situations .	3156
1	what an amazing experience it was to work with tim deibert , hattie and heather . they walked me through every step of the way into buying my first home , even my real estate agent was impressed with them and is using them . they were so professional and i am beyond satisfied , ca n't recommend them enough !	968
1	i have been going to dr. grade for over ten years and have had nothing but excellent experiences . she has had to perform multiple surgeries on me and helped me through a high-risk pregnancy . i ca n't imagine going to a different doctor !	3406
1	my favorite place to get my nails done , michelle runs a tight ship and everyone here extremely professional and sweet . if you want sparkly glittery nails that 'll knock your socks ( or gloves ) off , ask for the rockstar treatment , you will not be disappointed , promise .	2806
0	waited 45 minutes and they never even put water in the foot tub . then helped 2 people who had came at least 20 minutes after me !	786
1	everything is perfect here . the staff have very good attitude . there 's no additional charge if you do n't bring your own food and drinks . the price of the food and drink here are fair . the sound system is good and there are more songs here than k-on .	1835
0	check how much you 're getting charged . food is fine , but the woman managing the cash conveniently rounded up the payment . sure , it 's a few cents , but i left with a bad taste in my mouth about this lack of integrity .	790
1	i like this location our server named oscar m was very polite and delivered our meal quick ! the food was good	1504
1	dr. haber was great ! after 6 months of being ignored by all other practitioners , he finally helped me solve my problems and gave me options and hope for the future . i was so relieved to finally have answers . even the mayo clinic could n't help me . this place was great ! looking forward to going back . thank you for the quality service , toca !	2755
1	i found this place on yelp after cutting my hand open today and although it was 1/2 hour away i made the drive . everyone there was so friendly and accomidating , they got me in quickly and overall had a great experience . i can say that going to an urgent care has never been so plesant ... i will continue to go to arcadia urgent care for all of my urgent care needs !	2870
1	authentic street tacos ! the chips and salsa were delicious . i ordered two carne asada and one carnitas taco . the arrived with cilantro and lime . they had great flavor ! i will eat here again for sure !	322
1	this salon is the best one in concord . the staff is great and i 've been coming here for as long as they 've been open . you 'll get everything you need and the prices are competitive .	786
0	my small business had a corporate account with brand x for about 2 years . we bought hundreds of shirts from them during that time . finally had to leave due to constant errors . most of the time , they would immediately correct their mistakes , but by that time the errors had already caused delays to my customers . i finally decided to part ways and find a new printer . i would n't recommend them for large orders . they 're good enough for small jobs .	2363
1	davy at dunn-edwards was great . he led me to the best paint value and saved me a bunch . service was top notch ... why did n't i come here sooner . no more home depot . i chose the spartashield ... big thanks ! !	2160
1	we are so excited to sign our son up for fall baseball ! we are so excited to work with national youth sports nevada . out of any company they have been the most informative , nicest , and most affordable youth sports company in vegas ! we have friends who have had their kids in this league for a couple of years and now that our son is old enough we are thrilled to have him join ! we have been out to observe games and practices and fell in live with the mentoring style and caring coaches ! we look forward to a long baseball career here !	3578
1	this theater is in a convenient location . sometimes it can be hard to find a good space to park in however . there are no assigned seats and i feel that it is so much more convenient when a theater offers assigned seating . i was able to purchase tickets on atom and use my e-ticket when i presented it to the usher which is very helpful . i wish there was more attention paid to the restrooms and more thorough cleaning in between shows in the theater . also , i am always a fan of reclining seats- so i hope this theater gets them !	3680
0	great restaurant . however their flat bread breakfast sandwich is a disaster . what a contrast to their amazing toasted sandwiches ! i will never make the mistake of having their breakfast sandwich ever again . i took one look at their cold mini pre prepared omelette . ... and lost visual appetite . totally lost my appetite after taking a bite .	667
0	besides this walmart being ghetto they are inconsistent . they charged about 15/16 dollars more on my oil changed molding cheese yuck	2141
1	this has become one of my favourite places in north york to eat . the food tastes like home cooked ! the hummus plate is probably the best hummus i have had anywhere . i also really enjoy the veal parmigiana . their wood oven pizza is not bad either . they have a great selection of standard desserts ( chocolate mousse cake , tiramisu , cherry cheese cake and apple pie ) that are actually quite delicious ! the servers are super nice too .	858
1	my wife an i love their salads ( in the bowl , not in the shell ) . i also am a fan of their dinners , especially the fish dinner with slaw and fires . and we can not leave the cookies alone ! all-in-all , a very good restaurant with a nice selection .	501
0	10pm they ran of noodle.drove all the way for nothing . worst noodle shop ever . i recommend to call them before just in case to make sure they still have noddles .	790
1	great massage place very affordable ! i 've been here for 2 hours wow only $ 22 for an hour massage ? ca n't beat that	2399
0	the worst cleaner around . poor service , quality and price . do not go here .	2374
1	not very many local coffee shops in cave creek so i thought id give this place a shot . i love that they have almond milk . just that will make me return . iced mocha was what i needed on a sunday . hubby loved the dark roast 5 star blend too	642
0	i wish i could give this place zero stars . the employees are extremely rude , and the pedicure i got was the worst i 've ever had . the lady that did mine talked on the phone loudly the whole time and she cut my cuticle so bad that i started bleeding . she left nail polish all over my skin around my nails and she did n't use lotion or even finish my pedicure , she just got up and did n't look at me again . there also bugs all over the ground . this place is disgusting , i would n't recommend it to anyone .	3021
1	professional crew who put my 18 year old camry in top running order . considering the work done , the charges were reasonable . ( check for coupons online or just ask . they will help you . ) thanks for all your help .	2263
1	well another good experience at the first bank i ever enjoyed going to . thanks scott husband you an amazing dude ! ! ! ! ! and thanks wells fargo for hiring people like scott husband .	1533
1	omg the food was amazing , was clean and friendly . everything was fresh and yummy . not to modern but still loved it .	1231
0	first time here for lunch . ordered a chili relleno . this was not a good choice . the food had no appetizing appearance , the relleno was thickly covered with cheese that had melted and solidified making it very rubbery . the beans and rice were flavorless . i ate a few bites , paid more than it was worth and left .	882
1	awesome experience ! i came in all fatalistic with my flat tire on a workday morning with a full schedule . they saw me and worked on my car like a nascar pit crew . i was prepared to buy new tires . they offered to look to see if they could repair . they repaired them . i saved alot of money . # integrity # greatcustomerservice	894
0	this is my first yelp review and i really wanted it to be a 5 star ! sadly i 'll have to settle for a 2 : - ( this place is ... interesting lol . i did n't really enjoy the way the store looks and it was also kinda hard to find . the cupcake that i had , just a regular chocolate on chocolate , was nothing special . it was kinda dry , like it had been left out for awhile , and just boring . not horrible , just not something i 'd want to get again .	3135
0	i agree with carissa . i dread having to go into bath and body . i love their products but i ca n't stand how they hound you follow you around , ask if you need help . good lord its bath and body stuff why do i need help . and my favorite is when they know you 're shopping for someone else they start recommending fragrances . like woman you do n't even know the person i 'm shopping for . i would do more shopping online but you can only use one coupon online and half the time i have more than one . so to save money i go to the store and torture myself .	262
0	disgusting . the only coffee place i know that does n't serve actual coffee . last time i checked , coffee does n't consist of a single shot of espresso and about 25 pumps of syrup . only good thing about this place is the location .	361
0	worst customer service ever . they have no interest in helping customers purchase their product . hopefully the couch is worth it , but i 'm having my doubts .	401
1	anthony `` tony '' c. thank you for being so helpful and not a pushy salesman ! i am glad you are still with arrowhead honda , you make everything so easy . walt in finance so easy going . it was great to meet you and we look forward to seeing you guys in 5 years ! ! arrowhead honda has a genuine hospitality that makes you feel at home . thank you for everything ! ! !	2210
0	i went here to get my car wash and paid then pulled up , they had a cone that was set out and was blocking the entrance of the car wash so that they could guide us in . i literally sat there to get inside the car wash for 10 minuets . waste of my time . then a guy came out and guided me in . i paid the $ 7.00 car wash. what a rip it was when i got out . there was soap and water still on my car . i am not going here again .	3049
1	i got a new phone through bestbuy and i went to the sprint store to get activated . matt educated me that i was pit on the wrong contract for the phone . cancelled and got me on a better deal . logo thank you matt appreciate saving money friend !	1237
0	how do we even describe the lack of care and lack standards . 1 star is way overboard . not everyone is so old with eye trouble that you are able to take advantage of . long waits ( 2+ hrs ) , lack of caring & interest bedside manners . thank you for scaring me away . easily found great care by looking around . when you became doctors was it not to help and care for people ?	3527
0	robert 's hair salon . i do not recommend anybody to dye their hair here ! he ruined my hair . he left my hair so dry , and i had so much hair loss . the dye of the hair only lasted two days . i had to go to another hair salon to restore my hair and to keep my hair from falling . i told robert about all bad experience and he did n't care . i am really disappointed . do n't go for hair dye at all ! ! ! his hair cuts are awsome , but after all this bad experience i am never coming back .	1117
0	poor attitude & not friendly at all ! only looking for how to charge you more . find another store to take your business to that will appreciate their customers !	3871
0	my second time traveling domestic with this airline which had long delays and aircraft mechanical issues , first time was the break system and now control system . you pay lot of money for tickets and expect everything to be perfect . this is not the case for virgin america ! ! !	1623
0	be careful with what you sign . they lied and said no cancellation fee and after telling them i wanted to cancel they continued to bill my credit card . now i have a letter from an attorney charging me almost $ 200 . have them print copies out of contract before you sign anything so you can read it first . the manager is a witch . they are full of crap on what they tell you what your are signing . go elsewhere , they are thieves	641
1	carries the wasabi that i formerly mail ordered from japan . kimchi is pretty awesome ! convenient area for me . staffperson that i met was very helpful and courteous and rocked her sriracha shirt ‍ has lots of good stuff that needs to be in my fridge and pantry .	3507
0	the way marcia cohen verbally assaulted my daughter on their first , and only , meeting was totally unnecessary and unprofessional . i wish i could personally suspend her medical license . dr. , heal thy self !	1952
0	sundevil locksmith has the worst customer service . we were quoted a different price from what we had to pay . the man that came to do work on our car was rude he had an attitude he was not friendly at all . we were charged $ 150 we gave him $ 160 hoping he would give us our change which was $ 10 . he did n't have change what kind of business drives around and does n't have change ? yes the service was fast but he was very rude it was a horrible experience . never again i will not recommend them to anyone	3095
1	dr. medgaus may be a bit of a pompous man , however he does the best dental work i 've ever seen . well at least the permanent results - actually both times i have had temps they have broken . but the real deal with porcelain veneers and crowns are just incredible . and he has now made me three tanner appliances that were supposed to cost $ 575 each and he 's made them for free for me because my dog keeps eating them . i agree he can be a bit much but i have to say i love his confidence .	1879
0	went a few times bc price was enticing but their work is not good , even keiko herself ruined my lashes for vacation . it was so bad , she did n't fill it all the way to each end so my eyes looked like sweepers and the place smells like smoke , when the lashes are applied she poked it in onto my eyelid so that when your eyelashes grew out it would irritate your eyes bc the glue was stuck to the skin . just not right . elysia beauty bar is fantastic with service and price and cleanliness and kind ppl !	3360
1	always clean and fresh ingredients . a nice change from the routine . fun for the family concocting your own meals .	209
1	fantastic option for mediterranean food . the restaurant is brand new so the service had a few glitches when i went in , but the food makes is so worth the very minor service issues . you wo n't be disappointed with the portion sizes or flavors . the food is fresh and delicious .	875
0	if there was any way to give this place negative 5 stars i would . by far the worst company i have ever done business with . after them failing to deliver my furniture at all and receiving the worst customer service ever , not one person apologized for the experience including the general manager of the store . i will never do business with this company again and i strongly advise you do n't either !	2071
1	went in for an oil change came out a returning customer . awesome awesome customer service ! the 2 men in the front were just great . everything was explained to me in my language and not `` car lingo '' . ( they dumbed everything down for me lol ) not pushy at all like i experienced at big o tires . i got my oil done and decided to get my brakes done as well . the service was quick and super friendly . ! !	2981
0	extremely rude staff , careless and unwelcoming . staff seems extremely unhappy to be here . very unfortunate given its the only coffee near our gate . the iced coffee we received was extremely watered down and tasted terrible . i requested that the drinks were remade and the gentlemen smirked and did n't even reply with an `` i 'm sorry '' . terrible starbucks , and is hindering the name .	3124
1	my all time favorite mexican restaurant . i 've been eating here for years . their burritos and fajitas are amazing . if you 're in the mood for dessert , get the border brownie . it is the best brownie i have ever had in my life . my husband and i are definitely regulars . everyone is always so friendly .	1558
1	it 's busy busy busy . plenty of equipment and they seem to be very helpful . the one part i do not like is the posted no weapons sign on the door , concealed carry is a part of vegas life and they seem to have made their decision .	3268
0	i recently dined here and was very disappointed . i have dined at many different hot dog establishments and this one was overpriced in my opinion . the fries were over seasoned , making them very salty and inedible . i enjoyed the snap of the hot dog , but did n't find it to be a hot dog i would throughly enjoy eating again . i also had a float , it was ok but i feel it was overpriced . 2 fries , 1 hot dog , 1 foot long and 2 floats equated to almost $ 30 . sorry to say , i wo n't be coming back .	953
1	i have been a patient here for over 18 years and i have to say dr. tummala is wonderful ! after not seeing me for quite sometime ... she remembered me and realized i had a new hairdo ! i love her compassion and professionalism ! i would n't go anywhere else for my female medical needs !	2643
0	they have pool tables and dart boards which is about the only reason i stop in from time to time . the bar has a potential but it lacks in upkeep and could use a facelift and some tlc . if you go , get a beer because their mixed drinks are horrible .	3120
0	i had a strawberry fruit freeze before going to lee lee 's and the drink was terrible . it was overly sweet and tasted like boba injected into a cheap syrupy slushy from 711 . they do n't use any real fruit in the freeze , so i 'm still searching for a decent place to fulfill my fruity cravings . *sigh* i ca n't comment on their tea or coffee drinks but i wont be going back .	490
0	went back thursday evening with several friends . the store was dirty again , some yogurt machines were partly open and you could see into the back room , yogurt was dripping down the front trays and walls onto the floor , several partially filled yogurt cups were left sitting at the bottom of the dispenser , dirty floor , kids behind the register not paying attention . also , all of the flavors were icey and lacking in flavor . dear owners : you have a problem with this store	885
0	came here for the first time . nice menu and very helpful server . had the latin hash and my lunch mates had lomo saltado and also the latin hash . we all were very disappointed and did n't finish our meals . everything had way too much salt . we told our server and she did n't seem to not believe us . my blood pressure was out of whack all day . do n't understand why restaurants have to use salt to flavor their meals . there are plenty of other seasonings that are heart healthy . we shared the breakfast empanadas which were the best thing we had . do n't think we will return .	1332
0	80 mins deep tissue massage costs 205 dollars plus tip . however the massage therapist did not perform a deep tissue massage at all . i am always bad at face to face confrontation so i was not able to tell them this was probably one of the worst deep tissue massages i ever received .	154
0	tattoo : very simple design , and they did a hack job . had to get it covered later . septum piercing : great job , piercers are great and experienced . customer service : terrible , people ( front desk/artists ) there are simply rude and unwelcoming . i understand it 's a tattoo shop , it 's not going to be a salon , but being condescending and acting annoyed with a customer is not okay for any sort of service shop . the piercers on the other hand are very friendly and helpful .	2192
1	they have the best sale and i 'm usually picky with clothes , but i like how they have trendy selections here at a great price . its another place for bargain clothes other than kohls and they 're consistently good about having sales .	1536
0	i 've got mixed feelings about this place . on one hand they were fairly affordable and then the job i paid them to do plus did a little extra handy work for free on a little problem i had . on the other hand they broke some wiring to my generator causing me to freak out when my gen light came on . upon popping the trunk i saw that one of the lugs on the generator , which is right next to the oil fill , was torn off . i had to buy some lugs and a crimper to fix it myself . seems kind of ham fisted , i think i 'll go elsewhere in the future .	3277
1	very effective wash. like that they have a monthly unlimited wash option that is a pretty good deal . our car looked great and free vacs a nice perk .	3036
1	i love this place- they have the best peanut butter sauce ! they have a great variety of flavors , and you can sample to make sure you like it . their caramel sea salt , chocolate peanut butter cup , and vanilla ice creams are my favorite and the best in town . plus , it always smells so good when you walk in ... like freshly baked waffle cones . and even if there are a ton of people in line , you never have to wait for too long because the staff moves pretty quickly . definitely worth trying if you have never been there !	3476
0	ehh ! the lady that helped us was very nice but i hate that she followed us around the entire store ! she was like a shark that had found her prey ! the furniture is ehhh ! left here and went to ashley where they actually build all their own furniture and no annoying salesman/woman to follow you around as well as way better prices ! i would come back to browse but i find it unlikely that i would purchase from rc willey .	439
0	biggest rip off ever ! never going back again , it cost over $ 120 for 3 games for 3 people and a pitcher of beer , thanks for charging us for shoes for each game , are you kidding me ? it 's no wonder why there is anyone ever there because they take all your money after the first time you are there . it 's one thing to charge . 5 $ per person per game , but shoes as well ? ?	3296
1	yum yum yum ! the cavatelli dish in pea pesto is my favourite i must have had it about 10 times now and it 's always consistently tasty ! staff is consistently chipper and helpful ! i also enjoy the pizza with the potato and fior di latte ! will always be back for the cavatelli !	252
0	waited in line & they were out of the themed ballon i wanted , so they asked me to go to isle to find another themed ballon and i did . when i came back all ladies behind the counter ignored me until i finally asked for help . they said it would be 1hr for 6 basic latex balloons . terrible location & staff , they definitely do n't want to make special occasions memorable .	1882
0	worst property management group ever ! they do not care about tenants and their lives . it has been a nightmare having my family living in one of their properties . stay away !	3315
0	too many tvs tuned to horse racing , bartender and servers all must 've been having bad days . ca n't comment on the food . two stars for good beer selection , but lots of better choices nearby .	717
1	one of the nicer target locations in the valley . convenient location in the pavilions shopping center off of the 101 and indian bend . store and restrooms are always kept clean and tidy . staff is friendly . desired merchandise is usually in stock all of the time . parking lot is large and easy to enter and exit .	3259
1	people either love it or hate it . hot dogs with many toppings ( or all if you want ) . live music . an old neighborhood bar revived as a hipster and wannabe-hipster hangout . like it a lot .	1407
1	i can not explain how amazing the food is here , the topping to actual pizza ratio is perfect ! ! from the pizza sauce to the crust of the pizza and not to mention the toppings all taste so good . the deep dish pizza especially is phenomenal , i would highly recommend uno 's for a nice place to get some greatly made pizza !	705
1	after doing business with cna for over 35 years , i can feel confident in saying there is no better service contract company in the us . by far the gold standard of the industry , they are professional , fair , courteous , and honest . i could not more highly endorse them and their products	3496
1	definitely a 5star experience . clean , sterilized utensils . friendly , large selection of polishes . they do n't try to talk you into a product or service and are happy to provide the service you request . everyone speaks very good english . yes they talk amongst themselves in their 'native ' language which does bother me . definitely recommend to anyone looking for a outstanding manicure and pedicure .	3047
0	the food was gross so greasy and nasty , the service was great they were very nice and kind , you do get a lot of food too so that 's nice	560
1	i came to meineke for a basic oil change . after a thorough check on my car , they were prompt to inform me of a few things that needed attention . they gave me an awesome price for everything & insured i 'd be back on the road in no time . was told to flush my brakes & change pads it would take 2 or so hours . i was out in exactly 2 hours . the guys that work there are incredibly friendly & personable . no bull crap either . i 'll definitely be coming back for oil changes !	2711
1	whenever i am in vegas i stop at this particular sonic location , not sure if its because of the late night specials or because its right by the cannery but there is something sentimental about it . anyway ; this is the only sonic burger i know of that has late night whacky specials like 50 cent burgers or 50 cent corn dogs . its usually during certain times of the month and probably something that the franchise does on occassion but nonetheless , i have not seen any other sonic burger do it . recommended ! ! !	994
0	i 've now flown on this airline twice both times were terrible . if i had not booked both flights at the same time i would never had taken this second trip . now i 'm sitting at the airport waiting out a five and a half hour delay . absolutely the worst airline i 've ever flown .	3127
0	decided to give this place a 2nd try . juice sucked as much as the first . definitely not going back .	2715
0	new management has ruined this downtown experience . ac issues handled without sense of urgency . no `` like '' compensation for lodging while they resolved issues which still remain unresolved . staff rejects packages because of conflict with ac issue so basically my fathers day was ruined since ups was told that i no longer live here . management just apologizes without any real action . staff is completely unprofessional . never lived somewhere that a hostile living environment was created . all i want to do is move out . near $ 2000 a month for this ? no thank you . note : i have attempted to resolve matters but they refuse to work with me .	1798
0	if i can put no star or negative star , i will definitely do so . estimate for a garage door motor set for $ 435 , it comes out an outdated motor with chain . come on , we all have motor with belt . no one gon na pay for $ 435 for a year 2005 model ... ... complained to the owner , he said that 's nothing they can do as we did not specific request a newest model ... ..	1919
1	dragon palace is fantastic . the staff is friendly and the food is excellent . the potstickers are to die for and the chili dipping sauce is amazing !	1264
0	personal property stolen out of towed vehicle ! filed their `` missing property '' report , zero follow up whatsoever . we 've filed a complaint through the bbb as well . so in addition to their insane extortionary fees , their drivers are also thieves ! ! ! ! avoid this business at all costs !	3654
0	went at dinner time and decided to take our food home instead of dine in . waited a good 20 minutes for that , if not longer , while the frazzled kitchen staff filled phone-in take-out orders . had a gyro sandwich and a gyro salad . the gyro meat was dry and over salty ; the cucumbers on the salad were watery as were the greens . will not be back .	755
0	they suck , dont bother . they should really close their doors . very big waste of time and money .	1319
1	better-than-average chili 's . the food was all fresh and had a clean flavor ( unlike some chili 's where the food has a unique , funky , bad taste ) . waitresses were friendly and accommodating .	178
1	when i was younger , i had such a hard time with banks ! when i finally signed up for usaa , they actually took the time to educate me about my finances . funnily enough , what turned me onto usaa was a car accident . at the time , i was with another company , and the person who hit me had usaa . they treated me better , educated me , defended me ... which was way more then my company had done for me . thanks usaa for being there for me through all of the bumps in the road !	3429
0	have you heard people use the expression `` lipstick on a pig ? '' there 's not enough lipstick in the world to give this place a positive review . i 've given it a few chances too ; hoping to be able to say that they deserve to thrive because of their long history in the area . history is the only thing duffy 's has going for it , but that 's not enough . though the building itself has good bones , duffy 's is completely lacking a soul . rude service , bad food , bad music , wo n't be back again .	2732
1	i 've rented from budget 3 times and had a very good experience each time . unfortunately the majority of good reviews do n't get posted . this past month , cameron and robert were exceptionally helpful . cameron made sure all was covered when i rented the car that day . robert l. greeted me when i returned the car , offered to get a luggage cart for me and load it ... . so appreciated being i had golf clubs too . the review would have been a 5 star if the exterior of the vehicle was cleaner when i picked it up .	2134
0	i have been bringing my tire work here for several years . there seems to be a new routine going on here . basically every customer was asked to come out to see their vehicle and the up-sale was on . i was here for two hours and it went on and on with every customer . be careful here .	3379
0	the burgers are dry over cooked . i understand they have to make them well done but there is no fat so dry as hell . they dress a kid up as a chef to make you feel good about a $ 10 burger . if he 's a chef i 'm gordon ramsey . they have my any drinks . you have to go into whole foods to buy one , what ? he kept telling us we were looking at an old menu , we do n't serve that anymore . try crafty burger & tap in cornelius- at least 4 1/2 star if not 5 .	1571
0	the complimentary airport shuttle service that i booked more than 24 hours in advance per their request was never sent to pick me up . our room was never cleaned - even though we were gone 8am until midnight . one of the staff members verbally abused my friend throughout the night . a long , odd and uncomfortable story . the manager never bothered to return the message i left her highlighting these issues . yikes !	1691
0	getting your oil changed is a pain in the neck under the best circumstances , which this is not . the system is broken . having to wait before you can even enter your info and then wait some more while your oil is changed is ridiculous . take my info , let me leave , call me when it 's done . they talk up the waiting room like its the ritz , cold water ! soda machine ! when in fact it 's a cramped little space with hard chairs where i was forced to play footsie with a stranger . why does this experience have to be made worse by being imprisoned during the process .	2086
1	love their curry chicken steam rice with milk tea combo . their sui mai taste good also .	2971
1	we often come here for breakfast and find this place clean and cozy , offering healthy and tasty food , great selection of herbal teas and piping hot good coffee . maria is the person who helps us most of the time and she always makes sure that we get everything we need with a smile on her face . her exceptional service is one of the main reasons why we keep coming back . this is one of the very few places i have been to that serves oatmeal just the way i like it .	1387
0	just tried to book an appointment . dude on the phone was rude as hell and hung up on me .	1708
1	great place to get your car detailed by hand excellent job . people are nice and very professional . prices are resonable and do it right the 1st time . car lens restoration $ 50 and what a job 5 yr warranty . cant beat that .	2359
1	excellent customer service manager was extremely professional and helpful . we needed snow cables and the manager explained the difference between chains and cables have n't had the same experience at other stores .	506
0	the massage was so average - i have experienced so much better . but what you should know is their tipping process . so after they are done , they pass back the clipboard you were filling out at the beginning and now ask you to pick your tip amount . the lowest amount is $ 15 ! there was no place to fill in your own tip amount . that 's ridiculous to me .	2320
1	great environment , i loved their meat jun . very flavorful . also they give side dishes which is definitely a bonus	435
1	new management rocks ! i am a huge fan of their singapore noodle and order it as often as i can . prices are reasonable and food is delivered hot , not warm . by far my favorite place for thai food .	1361
0	i 've been getting salads from rockne 's ever since they came to medina . i 've always been pleased ; however , in the past few months i 've been very disappointed . today was the worst . my `` usual '' southwestern salad was missing corn , broccoli , and black beans . i could count the cheese strips , and the dressing was watery . i got this for take-out , and when i phoned them to let them know , the woman who answered the phone definitely did not want to hear about it . plus , there is no email listed on their web site so i can let management know how they 're going downhill .	898
1	after i filed a complaint through bbb , they were able to resolve the problem and split the bill with me . i 'm pretty satisfied with the resolution on my complaint .	1942
1	great spot for live latino rock . drinks are tasty and the service is attentive . my favorite day is saturday nights . the cover sucks but once you get past that it 's a great atmosphere . order the empanadas to suck up the adult beverages . i recommended it to those who just want something different . empanadas !	190
1	passed by this restaurant several times . wife researched online , looked good decided to stop . great experience . staff was ultra-friendly and considerate . told them we were first-timers and they did the rest . wife and i had chicken sandwiches - they were great . kids had tenders - they loved them . great variety of sauces , sides and drinks . will definitely return .	998
0	this place if filthy ! there 's lots of trash under the tables . i ever told the young lady at the register that you guys may want to sweep under the tables and got attitude from her . the food was blah and the waiter was no existent once he took our orders . will not be back !	221
0	beyond aggravated right now . buyer beware - your membership is not what it seems to be . they up your membership fee with no warning & when you try to cancel they charge a `` processing '' fee . so much for convenience & not paying for more than you need .	641
1	shoes shoes and more shoes ! whenever we come to vegas my gf wants to hit this place up . it is the world 's largest ! ! this is the one shoe store where she actually walks out with something !	1846
0	i have been going to cafe rio for years , but this was my first time on this location-and probably the last one . i always have the tostada and the portion is huge and satisfying . this time the size was the half of what i 'm used to . i brought it to their attention , and the answer i got was `` we do it this way here '' . well ... if you are operating a franchise , every aspect of the business should be the same at every location . i am very disappointed ! i left hungry , and my friend , who came with me for the first time , will never return . shame on you !	1365
0	terrible sound & air ventilation ! i 've been to 2 shows in the past 2 weeks and both have been awful . could barely hear the bands at all . they 've even mentioned how bad they sound in between songs . unfortunately looks like we 'll be missing some of our favorites if they play here in the future . nothing against small venues at all - actually like them a lot but many things lacking here . the only thing that 's working for this place is quick service at the bar and clean bathrooms .	17
1	happy with their styling service front desk staff was efficient and the appointment was right on time . for the first timer , this experience is impressive . staff was listening to what i am asking and able to exchange the ideas on my styling . it is easy to work with . the staff who washed my hair he did a good job . gentle massage and just have to say a couple tiny water drops did splashed a little on my face - but acceptable . will go back this salon to set my hair for the parties . .	3610
1	everything you would want in a tanning salon . they help you find a plan in your budget and give discounts on all lotions . it is very clean and well maintained . the girls always have a smile and are always willing to help with any questions . the p90 bed gets you brown fast ! !	2774
1	experienced super fast service . discovered a leak around the toilet . i called plumbsmart right away ( thanks to all the good yelp reviews ) , and within 20 minutes , a plumber was at my door . he diagnosed the problem right away and completed the job very quickly . he was very professional . cleaned everything up . price was ok , but plumbers are always expensive ( ie , not free ) . i will more than likely be using their service in the future .	1975
0	lady booking appointments was very unaccommodating . tried to make an appointment early or late in the day and was willing to schedule as far out as needed . she said , `` well that 's what everyone wants . '' she then proceeded to tell me that we 're only going to be able to give you an appt in the middle of the day . really ? there are now appointments from now until whenever , first thing in the morning ? she did n't seem to care when i told her that i 'd go somewhere else giving that could book me early .	1938
1	as fast food and bks go , this is a great one . very friendly staff and the food is typical bk which , although horrible for the health is , i believe , delicious .	458
0	management is absolutely the most incompetent and unhelpful , i guess customer service is not their priority . only time they are on top of things is when your rent is due , i 'm looking forward to my lease ending next year .	983
0	unbelievable ! my apartment air con broke down again ! in less than 24 hours after the repair ! ! ! i have absolutely no words n awaiting for the same maintenance guy to come in 2 hrs !	1908
0	frustrated at the lack of professionalism and discourteous service . the saving grace was chris , the massage therapist ! we all left our facials with oil and cream spread through our hair . no towel wrapped to cover our hair , too many things went wrong to mention . i 'm not sure if this gal had any facial experience . we wanted to switch out our names for different times but the receptionist told us she ca n't make changes on the same day . ( ? ) this is a lower level spa that is shared with the hotel pool . no dr	2883
0	let 's have a lesbian bar with two women 's bathroom stalls . i 've built a bathroom y'all need to quit being cheap you do n't need strobe lights for all ten people at your bar redo the bathroom .	2860
0	went in to fix my iphone bought in apr 2016 . was told no technician is available , i can walk in every day try my luck or schedule an appointment one week ahead . who the ... . can now survive without phone one week ? when phone is used for work , contacting family and personal . sorry apple but here you ... ... .. think about customer not your product only .	2575
1	i just do the quick washes and it is perfect to keep my car shiny and clean inside and out .	127
1	this is a great place to go with your friends if you want somewhere to chill and have cheap drinks ! prices are pretty darn cheap , they have a 4 liter pitcher for around $ 20 ! split between a couple of people you 're paying almost nothing ( which is great for students on a budget , haha ) . it 's nothing special , but just a good , laid-back chill spot for you and your friends . : )	574
1	a very nice place with very fresh products . agreed , it 's a bit more pricey but quality is outstanding ... i feel price / quality ratio is way better these metro and provigo on parc ave . very small ... i guess that fits totally the definition of an hidden gem .	3046
1	you ca n't expect crazy good service here , and it almost feels like you 're in a supermarket because of the owner or manager lady that works there , she is just super loud . food is descent and prices are cheap , i always visit her for their tomato broth ham and egg with vermicelli in soup . drinks are well made hk style . food is also served quickly to the table .	146
1	i have a feeling that this place is very under-rated . it looks like an old pizza hut from the outside , but the inside is clean and nicely decorated . the food is fantastic . if you 're in their delivery area , they deliver so quickly ! if you dine in , many entrees are served on sizzling cast iron platters , by a charming and attentive wait staff . bonus : their egg rolls are the best i 've ever had . thumbs up , sushi tomo !	1326
0	ca n't stand having to wait every single time i come in to pick up pictures . it 's like you are invisible . than i purchase leggings clearance priced at $ 4.49 and low and behold it rings up wrong . entire rack right beside register marked with orange clearance tags . you would think at least products near register would ring up correctly . so annoying . wait for pics then wait for refund . smh	2471
1	really solid fast food if you 're in search of some fresh and quality mediterranean food ! whether you have it with fries or with rice , both bases are good ! the rice was soft and flavourful on its own , and the fries were fried just right . the chicken shawarma is cooked fresh per order and they 're constantly preparing it so there 's no long wait . my only critique is that the platters come heavily dressed ; a lot of garlic and spicy sauce that partially overwhelms the flavours of everything else . otherwise , really great choice in the east end of markham .	678
1	get the tour ! ! ! ! it 's not advertised well , but they have a tour for $ 10 more that is so awesome . you learn all kinds of stuff that you never would have known , & they take you back behind the scenes . if you do n't do the tour , it 's your basic mid-level aquarium . do n't miss out !	706
1	awesome thai restaurant . great friendly service and things were at a very reasonable price . i had the pad thai with pork . it was on the sweater side with a good spicy kick . i definitely recommend this place and i will be back if i ever need to get a thai food fix .	314
0	i went into the aaa office several days prior to christmas and was very disappointed to see they had no holiday decorations up whatsoever . for a company that believes in customer service this is very disheartening to see that they did not allow them employees to be in a festive mood for the holidays or their customers .	359
0	i was given a service window of 12-4 , but the electrician did not show up until 5:30 . no call beforehand to let me know of any problem . i will not be contacting them again .	1867
0	we ordered bridesmaids dresses from them in september . they still do not have them and have been given the run around for months now . they have added stress to my friend 's wedding , which is completely unnecessary . if you 're looking for dresses , go somewhere else . anywhere else . unless you do n't care about getting ripped off , ignored , and lied to . if that 's what you 're looking for , order away ! do n't say i did n't warn you !	1298
1	i took my wire fox terrier there for grooming . they did an excellent job . our woofy has been several times now and he always looks great !	3615
1	the same folks who own this pas owned the pas in des moines . it is faaaaantastic .	1260
0	this walgreens has the worse pharmacy . giving them a one star is even too much . there always so sloooow , and they never have prescription ready . the information they send you never matches up with the information they have on their system . i will drive across town and or pay double to avoid this pharmacy .	1641
1	i have been coming here for years ! cindy , heidi and tiffany are the best and i highly recommend fast nails .	3410
0	not at all happy with this place . we had reserved the car on expedia and we thought the rate was locked in . when we got there , the gut was acting like he was giving us a great car and never told it 's our was an upgrade . when he handed us a receipt it was $ 70 more than we had reserved with expedia . these guys are so shady ! i would definitely not recommend them and i well never use them again !	3595
0	first off this place smelled like feet , the ladies that massaged my friend and i were talking during the entire session . the oil they used which smelled like lube made me itch afterwards . it was just a bad experience . i will never go back again	2014
1	went here today for the first time today . was really curious about the place . i walked away satisfied with my tan . the color is incredible .	3329
0	this was my third visit . the last 2 times i had problem with heads in front of me in my way so i had to move . do people have to sit right in front of me when the whole theater is wide open ? people had babies crying , children running in and out to the bathroom , and people texting during the movie . rude ! and the floor was sticky . when i got out of the theater , there was a beer bottle behind my tire . i do n't know if i 'll be back .	611
1	i really enjoyed getting my haircut here , they were super friendly and sarah was an awesome stylist and had a great conversation with her . coming back for sure !	2522
1	i have been to the fitchburg location 4-5 times over the last 3 months , pizza is fresh , sauce delicious , toppings are excellent . most recent trip was last week in august , wife and i were in late but service was attentive and food was great . had bbq chicken pizza - had not tried it before , but it was very good . i will be back !	218
1	friendly service reasonable price .a better deal than i was quoted with the car dealer.i came here to replace my window regulator . fast service.i will definitely be back .	2711
0	terrible layout and unfriendly sales staff . this has to be the most uninviting store . the boxing week sale merchandise are on racks with wooden hangers making it super hard to sort through . the regular yoga pants were not on sale at all . it was so hard to move around that store that we quickly left after arriving . no thanks .	746
1	the guys here are absolutely wonderful ! ! ! the manager cliff had his awesome mechanic carlos help today ... i did n't notice a puncture in my tire while i was out ... came out of a store and noticed i had a flat tire ! ! freaking out because i had no tools with me , i drove over to brake masters . they helped me at no charge ! without hesitation the manager called his mechanic carlos to help me . carlos was awesome and super informative about everything ! super patient and kind ! i will definitely be coming back and referring friends ! ! ! the most amazing experience i 've ever had in costumer service !	2552
0	the broth for the pho has no flavor ordered the p3 sirloin and brisket . service is great but food was n't . i have gone to plenty of pho restaurant and they are all pretty similar . i 'm not sure if i just got a bad batch or what happened .	205
1	it 's a nice square in downtown toronto which is used for different events such as music and so on . it 's illuminated by night mostly from big advertisements screens . we had had a good time there while enjoying some drinks . some funny people talked to us because they represent an idea or a product . so , it was really an amusing experience^^	1012
0	omg ... talk about bait and switch ... they build a whole new building and cut both the staff and the hours ! they do n't know what to do with 2 ordering lanes ... we have given up and started going to steels corner ... such a shame ! !	1139
1	this restaurant has a really beautiful interior and excellent staff . the $ 6.99 lunch special includes soup and a drink and is a great deal . i always go for the yellow curry when i eat thai and here it was awesome . my friend got a egg foo young entree and the portions were huge .	1366
0	very disappointed in stanley steemer . i wo n't use them again . do n't fall for the `` specials '' . i scheduled tile cleaning on three rooms which in the past has covered my great room area . they said the laundry room ( which is about 4 ft by 4 ft ) would be an additional $ 40 ; the entry way was another $ 40 and the hallways ( which have always been included with the great room ) were each $ 40 . a $ 200 estimate came in at least $ 160 higher . again , these areas had been included before . very frustrating . again , i wo n't use them again .	3796
0	my sales consultant was so nice ! very pleasant she knew what she was doing as she has done it for many years . the owner/manager of the store is completely rude and inconsiderate . getting married and wedding dress shopping should be such a happy and fun experience . this was the first boutique i have been to.. and it completely has ruined the experience for me . soondis is a greedy greedy lady who does not want to do right by her paying customers . do yourself a favor and do not do business with this boutique . i was more than willing to drop money at this place but not if she does not make my experience right .	3370
1	this is a great place to take the kiddos for a couple of hours . it 's small enough to be relaxing for the parents . those who complain about it have never lived in a place where there is nothing for kids . i do n't like big kids museums with tons of people . my almost 4 year old kept busy for 2 hours and could easily do that once per week . buy a membership and enjoy a break from the heat ! cute coffee place to get yourself caffeinated before going in .	3018
0	thrift store items at department store prices . pricing is based upon the brand of clothing/item so there really is n't a such thing as a good deal here .	2646
1	omg i love robertos carne asada fries , there the best . i always go to this robertos the employees are friendly nd always treat me with respect	322
1	they 've always been very helpful and upfront with me . and they are always willing to work with me or give a discount here and there if available . thanks guys !	3379
0	we tried this location of moxies and were very disappointed with the service , not even a refill of water or ice tea . as for the meal , sue ordered the `` unforgettable '' honey garlic sirloin steak with stuffed potato . when the server asked if sue needed anything else , she asked for butter for the potato which never came . she 's comment on the `` unforgettable '' steak was that its forgettable . i enjoyed my madagascar peppercorn steak however the service is terrible so we will not be coming back .	1164
1	ronnie , the ticket/check in guy is so awesome with a pleasant disposition . makes traveling fun and easy . thank you ronnie for having such a great personality	1623
1	well i have yet to try the ones here in la so i tried it here as i was walking around the mall at planet hollywood i just got a pepperoni thin slice which was good . but i 'm kinda basis cause i love pizza so i do n't get too nit picky only if the taste is really bad i think i 've only had a bad pizza once a long time ago from some place that no longer is around lol . good pizza though .	1371
0	i 've gone to this place before and had great service but tonight was a different story . the young guy that was serving us changed our coals once , during at two to three hour stay , after we asked and reminded him several times . he had an attitude the entire time and when we tried to make some conversation with him , he gave us short blunt answers . we watched him service ever single table but ours for at least 30 minutes . i would normally recommend this place but this visit is making think about different places to go .	3013
0	donuts are hard and old . a two year old can do better on the frosting . can they be anymore cheap on it ? so disappointed . should of read the reviews before we went . drive thru guy was rude and short as well .	579
1	located right outside of door 13 . pay $ 7/one way to the strip or $ 12/rt . the driver will help you with your bags . hop in the shuttle , wait for 15-20 minutes , then take a quick ride to the strip . i was a tad worried when the driver turned into the cargo drop off area for my hotel , so i asked `` is this a shortcut ? '' the driver responded `` no this is the back entrance to the hotel . i will drop you off mobster style '' . lol . remember to tip the driver bc 75 % of their pay comes from tips .	2098
1	i would say definitely ask for francisco and when getting a tow . he communicated everything that was going on how everything would work , arrived in a very timely manner , was incredibly friendly , and even had my 4 year old brother smiling as he worked the tow truck . great guy and great service . friendly fast efficient courteous and helpful	1607
0	to-go online build your own wrap.not really ! employee 's need to read special instruction requested . choice spring greens only no rice , nope there is rice . asked for sauce on the side nope sauce is mixed in the warp . wrap is ok !	470
1	this shop is under new management , a suave looking cat , by the name of will . i 've been vaping for quite some time now and i 've been to multiple shops . even took a `` vape-cation '' just to visit vape shops and see what another state has to offer . will 's customer service is by far the best i 've ever come into interaction with . definitely , swing by and ask for his recommendation on juices and set ups ! ! ask him what kind of hair product he uses too . his hair looks amazing .	3119
0	hi all , just an update , 2/23/2013- i changed drs because of the admin fee and the office is still trying to charge another `` administration fee '' . soooo that pretty much means there is a bi-annual admin fee charged . was forced to pay the first fee because i was a patient , trying to get the most recent fee charged last month removed since i 'm not their patient- patient beware , it 's like a bad late night infomercial , `` how do i cancel ? ? ? ! '' grrrrr	236
1	i have been going to this salon for a few years . a few different owners . the new staff is very friendly . i love the sns manicures and the pedicures are great . they all give great foot massages .	2364
1	i ordered takeout on christmas . egg foo young was awesome ! not too salty and made fresh . veggie soup was great , large pieces of veggies and great flavor . i waited in the lounge and watched the cavs game , food came out in 15 min which was good given how busy it was . this place is old school and nostalgic . love it .	1009
0	just terrible ! my friend & i both ordered sweet onion chicken teriyaki sandwiches and the chicken was junky . could n't even bite through several pieces and the rest just did n't taste good . if we were eating there , i would have asked for another sandwich , but we brought the subs home so i could n't . i need to email subway because it was really bad .	725
0	the bay is one the very remaining examples of overpriced brand name goods retail department stores in canada , and that is all it has to offer . if you are looking for a winter jacket ( ranging from at least $ 250 to $ 400 at the very least ) scattered across the bottom of the coat racks on the lower level with dim lighting , then by all means this is the place to shop .	2979
1	just had lunch here and as usual it was perfect ! great taste , hot , tender and the breading did not separate from the veal . the best part is that they have veal and meatball sandwiches for $ 5.00 . highly recommend !	1172
0	understaffed . overpriced . cheap fixtures in bathroom . cheap and loud fan in bathroom . ok for a motel 6 , but i paid $ 229 per night this weekend . breakfast was terrible . not enough room to feed the guests . location is good but there are a million hotels nearby and this one will not get another visit from me . valet parking was $ 49 , $ 20 self park is almost as easy right next door . hire more staff you cheapskate owners . maids were running hard !	409
0	my wife and i tried several times to like this place -- -we really did . but the madam server who seems to run the place during the lunch hour is arrogant and the service is indifferent . her main goal appears to be to keep customers in their place . the food was inconsistent . you will also have to monitor the order very carefully . they either do n't know their own menu or else they are trying to save money by leaving items off the order . no more chances . we wo n't be back .	1366
0	i bought a groupon when i first moved to this area . i was stuck there for 6hrs ! my hair was way prettier before i went in there . my hair came out orange/yellow , and i asked for medium brown . and the cut was just horrible , straight across . they also charged me extra for having long hair .	354
1	a terrific municipal range that is not too commercial or expansive . love how it 's tucked in the central corridor and so approachable to the local public .	1944
1	we come here alot ! we live 100 miles away , and me amd my husband have driven down before work just to come here . staff is always friendly . one time i took my 3 kids and they messed up our whole order but we did n't complain . the only thing i hate is they are closed on sundays : (	3939
0	my husband bought buffalo style and garlic parmigiana wings . the taste was great . problem ? they were not cooked all the way through . i told my husband they were n't cooked properly and i through mine out . my stubborn husband felt they were `` fine '' and kept eating and wound up sick through the night and next morning . so , he was the stupid one here , but that being said , wing time needs to teach its employees about raw chicken and the effects it has on the human digestive system !	1397
0	way too expensive . i bought my 8 weave leather couch here . my wooden desk , my 50 '' tv and my 2 end tables here . it was across the street from where i lived , tho . service was nice . alot of people in line for returns and delivery stuff . way too expensive for the price . and i bought my comfy desk jaguar chair here	439
1	did n't sit and eat got desserts and pastries and coffee to go . really cute place , nice people working there and the goodies were pretty darn good . especially the croissants . those were delish ! the coffee was good , not as strong as i like but i 'm not everyone lol . if i 'm on that side of town again i 'd definitely try the other food	1276
0	absolutely terrible . been going here for a year due to my limited choices through insurance plan . if i had a choice i 'd be gone ! most of the np 's and pa 's are ruuuuuuude , condescending and short with you . the only one i will deal with is crystal she is very sweet and exceptional bedside manners . if it was n't for her i would not go here . they always screw up calling in meds too , sent to wrong pharmacy , took 6 hours to send to pharmacy , ect .	609
0	apart from there exceptionally bland sushi , i ordered their beef teriyaki to get a poo smear . this location has so many fruit flies i think they are breeding them in store , you will leave the restaurant and find 3 fruit flies in your car after because they just follow you . my husband blew his nose and found a fruit fly . its absolutely disgusting . get rid of the fruit flies .	318
1	thank you , vanessa for the awesome service ! the wash looks great , the guys are friendly from start to finish .	127
1	great location , friendly staff , clean . no complaints except they gave me a room with a handicap bathroom , thought it was n't a big deal but the shower was hard to use standing up . i called and they switched me for another room . i 'd stay here again since it 's convenient for work too .	1020
0	terrible sportsmanship towards visitors ! ! they will say anything to make you leave and they do n't hesitate to get the sheriff and get you kicked out for no reason ! ! unbelievable ! !	1431
1	very friendly staff ! they will take walk-ins without an appointment , which is great ! there is ample parking space and they are open on weekends .	655
1	so you think you had a great long island ? ? ? well try them here . they are cheap and not drowned out . this is a perfect place to pre game for a night out , although not a place to go if your trying to have a conversation with your buddies . the music is loud that make it hard to hear your friends . it could be worth staying if you come early enough to get a pool table , but if you come to late then you end up waiting at times more then an hour to play pool .	1966
0	my mac had a cracked screen . when i got my mac back it was missing screws , the rubber lining that holds the glass in was ripped and only pieces were put back in . the part that connects the screen to the keyboard was melted . i would not suggest taking your products to them .	2930
0	do not go here ! ! i used my debit card and it charged me $ 10 . only used it for 3 minutes . when confronting the owner his response was i had no proof of how long i used the machine ! never going again .	1553
1	this is their best location . i bought the splash pass which did n't benefit me . i cancelled it .amy and charlie could n't have been nicer about it . when you leave this location there is not a drop of water on the car . they dry it it inside and out with an air hose . also every time i left there they ask if you are happy with your car . so there is n't any reason to leave unhappy . friendly service with hard workers . they earn their tips and are probably under tipped more than over . try this place it is great !	3899
1	thank you so much for the personal touch and creative ideas . richie was fantastic to work with and it made our t-shirt making experience fun !	2363
0	i tried uber for the first time yesterday . the app failed to i work . it was n't me , i checked with people who use uber and nobody could figure it out . the app would not let me request service . search for lax bought up no results . tried airport ... still no results . meanwhile the app showed me many uber cars zipping by . called the support number . no support ... just said send email . i sent email ... but no reply . needed to get taxi and fortunately made mutt flight . still no reply to initial email or subsequent emails . very surprised at poor service .	2878
0	the most horrible service on the planet ... wanted to order food at 10 pm this evening , was a short gentleman with greasy hair at the register , completely ignored me did n't acknowledge me ... nothing ! .. and they were n't even busy , three customers sitting down at the most . if you do n't like working in the service industry , than do n't ! i 'm currently a guest in this hotel and the food choices with limited room service is already an inconvenience . very disappointed !	282
0	ive been coming here 2years at least so i am a regular . they have signs up all over- walkins welcome so today i forgot to call so i walked in . christy i think her name is saw me walk in at 4pm and knew i didnt have a reservation . there is always someone doing walkins . i waited 45mins for her to tell me theres 3 new people who walked in after me , who are ahead of me . sorry thats rude and unappreciative . no apologies or any form of communication . pathetic customer service . never ever going back . horrible customer service ! ! !	457
1	i am so excited that yogurtland finally has a location near my house ! the yogurt flavors are always delicious and new flavors are added frequently . the shop is always meticulously clean and the variety of toppings is amazing ! they even have fruit infused water available at no charge ! the owner of this dana park location in mesa is really friendly and involved in getting to know his customers . he makes everyone feel welcome and will remember your name the next time you come in . yogurtland is the very best frozen yogurt around ! !	885
1	went for gas and an oil and lube job . everyone was pleasant and efficient . i loved the lube girl shelly . she is a hoot ! took care of my order very efficiently and was friendly and fun . i 'd have to say she is fabulous !	2198
0	the worst service i 've had in a long time and i 'm patient . snotty bartender , have to ask for a water or drinks , pushes you off on another employee , ignores you and then wants to act like she 's working when the owner walks in . i 've worked in hospitality for 8 years and this behavior is never satisfactory and should never be passed as okay . i will never come back here .	1295
0	i would 've given this bar a 3 star but the service was just unbearably slow . located at the bottom of the luxor pyramid there were no surprises , serving beer , cocktails , and wine . a group of 7 of us came in around midnight on a weekday and it was pretty dead , as vegas usually is on the weekdays so i was expecting fast service . instead we ordered three rounds of drinks and had to wait too long between them . what ? i 'm in vegas and i ca n't get a continual buzz ? unacceptable .	3343
1	white chocolate chai tea . amazing ! go to this place all the time , surprised i have n't reviewed it yet but it 's definitely worth checking out for their awesome teas and comfortable atmosphere . have loved all the foods i 've tried - mac and cheese , breakfast bagel , muffins . the free wifi is definitely a bonus .	2163
1	this place is awesome ! my favorite lesbian bar in town !	2860
0	had horrible service in store with trying to return bad produce . call to talk to some , reached jennifer kinney . that made matter even worse , she is rude , hateful and not willing to fix issue . asked to speak with manager and he 's her husband . have several store closer will never visit this store again .	1947
1	had great service every time i sat down in the bar and lounge area . it was really easy for us to come here for a quick drink before we went off on our vegas endeavors . they got really busy during thursday happy hour , but our cocktail waitress was great at coming and checking on us regularly . decent selection on cocktails and drinks . i only wish they had more beer on tap .	3343
0	i love aroma , but this location is way too hectic to be enjoyable . the counter was a mess and covered in garbage and drink spills . a little girl literally tipped over the entire water jug and the floor was a mess . there was 3 baristas working but it still took 10 minutes to receive my drink order . the seating area was also a mess and was covered with empty mugs and cups . two stars for the food and drink as it holds the aroma standard .	1321
1	i like this place , it reminded me of times square in nyc , except it 's much smaller and not overcrowding with tourists left and right . it 's very nice , with the billboards and signs , and can be peaceful . i come here and people watch , children playing in the fountains , folks skateboarding , singing , performing , etc . and there 's plenty of room to sit and relax , take it all in . definitely a must do for anyone visiting toronto !	1012
1	i desperately needed a pedicure and being from out of town , i did n't know where to go . i found this place on yelp and decided to give it a try . i 'm so glad i did ! ! the place is very relaxing , extremely clean and the technicians are excellent ! i ca n't remember the name of the gal who did my pedicure but she was great . my friend got a fill for her nails and they came out beautiful !	3309
0	i 've had decent service in the past but today was bad . i had placed an order with my friend and waited a while . my friend got served and i noticed other people that came in after me were getting their food . i finally had enough and told them to cancel my order . i was then charged for my pop and was given nothing for the inconvenience . if i would have at least been comped the pop i could chalk it up to a busy night but its apparent this is the type of place that has the attitude `` take it or leave it . '' i 'll leave it and urge friends to try other places around town .	1407
0	extremely slow service . waited 30 mins for two orders . will not come back again . worst burrito place in town .	31
0	came to this location for a quick run in and i regret it immensely . decided to get a giant eagle card since my item was on sale . the clerk at customer service was so rude i took my id back and walked away . her language was impossible to understand and when i did n't understand her second mumbling she yelled her question at me . this happened twice . they wo n't ever see me here again .	3430
1	my first time at new location . food as usual is out of this world . 5+/5 decor and atmospher is similar as before . 3.5/5 service is similar as before . 4/5 location even easier to get to now . 5/5 - lots of free parking on side streets . - ttc pretty much right to the door . currently no alcohol but sign in front showed an application for it . all in all , if their service was bad i would still come back just because their food is that good .	1438
0	the lady that answered the phone was completely inept and could n't answer a single question . she was clearly an east coast lady and pissed to be working on saturday . thats about all i can say about that . when someone calls asking whether or not you offer sedation , you should have an answer .	2165
0	worst wifi ever . could not get any work done here due to terrible internet speeds . depressing inside of the building as well .	3520
0	if you work in a suit and shirt everyday do not bring your things here . brought my shirts for work there and they came back with buttons missing , collar was incorrectly pressed and i was treated terribly . a gentlemen who claimed to be the owner of both stores said he was not going to repair the damage because it was `` as is '' . it is absolutely ridiculous that they ca n't fix something so simple and on top of that to be rude to a unhappy customer . i ca n't believe anyone goes back to this place .	2070
1	i look forward to my once a month r & r with the most exceptional amazing therapist ever : john ! ! i ca n't say enough ! ! he is professional and is an expert when it comes to working out tense muscles and providing a well needed relaxing experience . i hate to brag for fear of new clients wanting to schedule with him ( he 's always booked ) . great front desk staff : friendly and attentive . i ca n't say enough ! ! thank you me for being my oasis !	1950
0	my dental implants are staining after spending an extreme amount of money for them . he does n't appear to care at all after he gets your money . i was told i would only have to come back for cleanings after the implants . wrong ! ! the teeth have become loose and i had to go back and have them drilled back in , the teeth stain and i am told maybe i drink to much coffee . i do n't . they try to blame you for anything that goes wrong with the work he does.. i would never recommend him as your dentist and if you are contemplating dental implants , go somewhere else .	1879
0	they carelessly laser the area you have chosen and can not keep their calendar and scheduling up to date . i had to wait 1 hour for service .	3215
0	went here and asked for gel nails and lady gave me acrylic nails and after about a month my real nails have not been the same it feels like a slice of paper on each finger . although the workers are nice they do n't know what they are doing gel nails does not = 50 $ acrylic nails .	3047
1	oceans offers often discounted prices on their selection of asian produce , fish & seafood , meats . their flyer items are excellent deals . they also have hot food like dim sum and they have the usual prepared sushi , chinese buns and bakery . with prices so low , customer service is not often their highest priority so do n't be surprised if the staff are not eager to serve you quick . we go primarily for certain asian items	2069
0	what a disappointment ! was looking forward to trying this place for the first time since being told it was great bbq . definitely not the case . i ordered the 1 meat plate with ribs , potato salad and mac and cheese . the ribs were really chewy and the sides where very generic like what you 'd get at kfc not a bbq place . my bf ordered a 2 meat plate and total was about $ 31 . way to expensive for what you get . if i had to describe this place i 'd say it 's like the mcdonald 's of bbq .	966
1	everyone that helped me ( mayte , jailene , and shauna harris from the call center ) was amazing ! they were all informative , kind , and respectful . shauna made my day as she said i made hers and she helped me find the best unit at the best price to fit my needs . jailene followed up with me very quickly for confirmation and was very sweet . mayte was knowledgeable , respectful , and kind . all 3 of them made my experience stress-free and enjoyable ! thank you	3521
1	i had a massage by jolene and thoroughly enjoyed her pressure point technique . i was a little late for my appointment , yet the front desk staff was friendly and accommodating which i appreciated . would definitely go back . the massage room was a little warm . there was an extra fan in the room but it seemed like the ac was n't turned down very low .	3744
0	great atmosphere , decent services , and ok sushi . i 've had better . if you are looking for the whole package and do n't really care that there is better sushi elsewhere , go and have a great time at maiko .	174
0	seriously ? you would think paying $ 104 for a gel mani and a gel pedi they would at least give you a hot towel and a massage . the guy who did my nails and my toes ( which took more than 2 hours instead of having 2 people do it simultaneously ) did n't even bother giving me a massage , let alone a water bottle ? i saw the other ladies do it while he blatantly ignored and did n't even acknowledge the fact when i asked `` do you have lotion '' hoping he would remember , he forgot . i 'm never ever going to this place ever again . what an overpriced shame of an establishment .	43
1	i went in today to get a full set by the infamous tony from the midwest and he did not disappoint he did my nails just the way i liked him two of my other family members recommended him to me and their nails look so bomb.. i have n't gotten my nails done in awhile cause i 've been dissatisfied with other shops but he did a bomb job i 'm very simple but i like them to look a certain way and he nailed it i will be going back	686
1	always a fun stop if you 're up for a dive bar . usually a local crowd of regulars and bartenders with friendly faces . i live pretty close and often stop in for `` just one more '' before i head home . never a bad decision !	3930
0	do i have to give it a 1 star ? do n't be fooled by the fancy remodeling . everyone that works here , everyone , is a trashy douche . do not expect to be treated like a human being by any of the employees , including management . every time i 'm here , i have issues with them and their attitude . i will never ever go here again and i will disown all my friends who do . if you are thinking of going here , please contact me and i swear i will give you $ 5 if you re-think it . or i will go with you- but not to bowl ... to vandalize and terrorize . i hate brunswick .	2235
1	oysters and beer ! we enjoyed half a dozen clams and a dozen of oysters with beer . the food was delicious and fresh . it is an open , casino oyster bar/restaurant with minimal service . after we were done with our drinks the waitress never came by asking us if we need another drink or anything else for that matter . she took our order and that was that . so -1 star for minimal service , but the quality of the oysters makes up for the rest . it is not cheap but wo n't break your bank..i think around $ 20 for a dozen of oysters .	1255
1	i love this place . i 've been to at least 6 other european wax centers in the valley but this one is the best . the girls at the front desk are always so pleasant & lizzy the waxer is amazing at her job . she is very thorough & takes pride in what she does . very professional yet enjoyable to be around . i love this location & even though there are centers closer to my home & work , i will continue to go to this location .	2300
1	i have went to dr. francyk for the past few years . he is always professional , honest and informative . i am never rushed and he answers all of my questions . he is a dr. that takes his time and listens to you . i highly recommend him .	236
0	i went to the restaurant today and the cashier was doing both jobs . but she ( heather ) was not washing her hands before serving the food or not wearing gloves . i just think it is very unsanitary and it makes me wonder what else are these young kids are doing .	1495
1	located a few steps away from fun ( wink wink ) , this place is worth a visit . this place is old and serves up cheap food . most people that come here appear to be locals . it 's easy to get in and out of and their associates seem to know patrons by their names . i 've been here a few times and enjoyed my visits . the bowling alley always seems busy . if you do n't need and are n't searching for the glitz and glamour of the strip or downtown , this is the place to visit . steak specials for $ 5.99 ! ? you ca n't go wrong .	3378
0	was n't impressed . sent a new tech out and ended up costing us more in the end because took him longer than what it should have . i do n't think id use em again .	2708
0	not happy . the venue is way too big to enjoy . could not see any of her performances . people stand in front of you . i do n't even know what she was wearing cause it was so hard to see & tickets were waaay too expensive . i 'm a jlo dance fan , but unless you pay $ 1500 a ticket to sit super close , it 's not worth going . a waste of the 200 bucks/ticket we spent . never again . sad .	1771
1	i really loved this place ! i came here because it was close to my place and it is amazing . the people were super friendly and kind ! the artist they had do the skull and crossbones on my toes was wonderful ! ! ! i was able to really relax and enjoy myself !	415
0	this place sucks . they are not helpful . mimi is the absolute worst . rude , unfriendly , and obviously hates the job and her life . hopefully you never have to contact this place because you will get no help !	1696
0	gorgeous place . bit too pricey for the portions . salty trout . ceilings need repair . waitress a bit too much . save some money and go to halcyon . our birthdays went unacknowledged too . timings of the delivery of meals were awful . felt rushed and it was n't crowded at all !	886
0	i made 3 attempts within a week to have blood work done here . all visits had greater than 2 hour waits for few clients waiting . i arrived this morning and was the only one there . it still took 30 minutes to get simple lab work done . i waited 10 minutes before anyone acknowledged i was even there . there has to be a lab with better customer service out there for the our time and money .	2587
0	pathetic . i reserved a car weeks ago and called to pick it up , only to find they 'd given the car away because i was `` late '' . thanks so much for the help . and this was a full-size rental for an eight day trip . a bunch of clowns sitting in an office with their thumbs in their ears .	2349
1	5 stars for the deli team . we see them every week and they are consistently friendly and helpful . the cold cuts that are made in-house taste great and are nitrite free	433
0	if you 're looking for something expensive and poor service you 've found the place . do yourself a favour and walk a few extra minutes to somewhere in kensington for a much better experience .	3344
1	enjoyed my stay here , the beds were comfy , the staff was inviting & very helpful . i appreciate the promptness when we needed housekeeping & maintenance . did not like the wi-fi charge but nothing is perfect . it was very quiet & relaxing & i would return ... thank u marriott in mesa	230
1	blue plate omelette was delish , with avocado , pan fried potatoes and homemade biscuits . we also had the almond milk french toast . to top it off , local coffee , ground fresh with each pot ! must stop again .	975
0	obviously the tattoo industry has yet to realize it is a service based business . well at least this tattoo shop has n't got the memo . if the `` woman '' ( insert unpleasant adjective ) at the counter is n't friendly , people wo n't get work done at your shop no matter how talented your artists may be . good luck , i would fire the dumpy , pissy and unfriendly woman working the counter if i owned this shop .	665
1	fresh , cheap & delicious . i wan na try everything ! easy to get to from the metro and there 's a lot of delicious pastries to try .	2211
1	my daughter and i stumbled upon pixie cakes on saturday waiting for our movie to start . loved how it was nice a decorated , clean and the displays of cupcakes were easily seen and to identify . the woman was very genuine , nice , and helpful . the cupcakes were amazing . i had the apple pie one which the woman stated was new for the fall . the only complaint is that the frosting seemed a bit to sweet . but the cakes were moist and the flavors were fresh and not artificial . plus they give you a discount if you show them your ticket for a show for that night .	1806
0	only 2 associates working counter , waited over an hour to get a car . they should really have more people working . everyone in the long line was complaining . this does not show good customer service and will not book with budget ever again .	2134
1	everytime i have dinner here i am filled with excitement . there 's always something new on the menu that will have your tastes buds go wow ! i love their cheese and charcuterie plates- and you can build them yourself or get the chef 's choice . you have to come try this plate if you have n't yet ... and there 's a great bar menu for lighter fare .	886
0	wow ... 2 hours to get a wristband even though we jd already purchased tickets online . none of the staff even knew what they were doing . once i got in , the place i came to eat at was closed down . good job guys , this really sucked .	1392
0	how is it possible that a starbucks receives two stars ? they frequently run out of items ( almond milk ) , are poorly managed , have an inability to deal with longer lines , and are understaffed . it 's clean and the employees are friendly , but really , come on . the profit margin is insanely high and it 's a reasonable expectation that it will be well managed .	44
0	first time using this location , quick service . only they screwed up my order . i order nachos with jalapeños , get back to work , no cheese and no jalapeños , chips are soggy . i will not be going back , i will make sure i do n't recommend this place to anyone ! i 'd give a zero star if that was possible !	1194
0	this place is below standard . we went for dinner . food was cold and pre-made . they just reheat the premade dim sum and noodles to us . except one dish which seems it is freshly made . we ordered soup also badly made . the heart of the wonton was frozen ... why ? ? ? ? ? ? i do not recommend this place . also , very poor service ...	113
1	i like this safeway and staff seem friendly enough . i give five stars for one thing and one thing only though , their hot tuscan tomato basil soup . it is the best in every possible way . even my little own loves it and she can be hard to please . prices can be high but if you shop for sales like i do , the price comes out right in the end .	2785
1	another to go place for me during lunch time . similar to goldsor restaurant but i believe they are not related . i ordered their deep fired chicken leg with pasta . it was so crispy and juicy inside . however , the place is a bit small and it could not allow many people to sit together . many hk ppl love to go their for lunch and afternoon tea . decent and fair place to go . i also recommend their cold hk style milktea mix coffee , is really good and i could not find it anywhere . a comfy place to sit in and chill with fd but only limit to 1 person since it is quite small	146
1	i could n't have been more pleased with my experience at ashley homestore ! my salesman , stephen , was wonderful to work with - he was knowledgeable , friendly and incredibly helpful ! i knew what i wanted going in , and he made it happen for the price i wanted ! my new couch was delivered just a week later by two friendly gentlemen who put everything together incredibly quickly with smiles on their faces ! i would strongly recommend ashley !	3738
0	around the time my pizza was suppose to be delivered i received a call stating they did not deliver to my complex and that i would have to come get my order . i got out to pick up my pizza only to get there and the manager tell me `` someone canceled my order '' and it was thrown out . this was my fist and last experience with hungry howie 's .	954
1	their office was awesome , we had an emergency and need to see an orthopedic surgeon to ensure our four-year-old daughters wrist would heal properly in a splint she was given from her primary care position due to a fractured wrist . they were able to work us in next day and the service was great , we saw dr. emerson and he was extremely pleasant and professional to deal with	2755
0	i wanted to love this place , and i really do n't want to give a mean review but here 's what i found . tables and floors ... .filthy on a sunday afternoon . ick right off the bat . onion rings ... ..super greasy . i have a tummy ache as i 'm writing . dogs ... ..well , i 've had better standing on a rainy street corner in nyc . price ... ..way high and not a great value for what you get . a clean restaurant and a smiling face or two would have really gone a long way in softening my review . ( lebowski 's has nothing to worry about with their new neighbor . )	58
1	great service ! my car was dirty ! like not have been seriously cleaned in 10 years dirty . these guys worked a miracle for literally half the price of the big guys . my car looks amazing ! would recommend to anyone and everyone !	3442
1	dr. taylor and his medical assistant missy are amazing ! very thorough and caring . they really do go above and beyond to give the very best care to their patients !	938
0	the worst for getting you there on time . and i 'm not talking small delays but big delays into the wee hours of the next day . this is on more than one occasion too . the only saving grace is that the employees are very nice . that 's where the one star comes from	3127
0	i arrive at top golf with 5 frienda , us all being 16 . after being greeted by numerous attractive females . i get through the line after paying $ 12 for membership and the entry fee . then i was told we can not play because of only being 16 without an adult . i understand rules and policies and i respect it , but tell me before i pay money to play . will not be going back , i am legally allowed to drive alone , i work and i pay taxes . but i can not swing a golf club with an adult . awesome . thank top golf .	1483
1	i came here late to get a snack on the way back . i had the chocolate banana shake . nothing too fancy . just something to hit the spot . customer service was super sweet and friendly . prices were fair .	3669
1	this place is my absolute favorite ! i live about 2 hours north but always find time to come down here to shop . i can always find clothes that fit me perfectly and i bring my own clothing to sell as well !	1446
0	this place is not knowledgeable with subaru cars . went for wheel alignment and can not get it done properly . i returned twice to get it corrected and still pulls to the right . they told me that they max out on the adjustment and the solution is to install camber bolts . guy in the counter estimated $ 500 because is after market upgrade . i found out that my 2002 subaru impreza already has camber bolts and they did not even know about it . went back and refund my money and the chubbier guy in the counter still insist that it is an after market upgrade . i went to sears auto and get the alignment done and it works well .	2392
1	i have been going to this salon for 14 years . it 's a one stop shop for me . i get my nails and lashes done there for a very good price . tracy and david , along with their staff , are very friendly and their customer service is on point . i would recommend this place to anyone looking to get a mani , pedi , or their lashes done at a great price in good company !	527
1	great service and great selection ! they have smoothies and juices for the novice as well as the experienced juice fanatic . their ingredients are pure in both their smoothies and their juice . the juice is cold pressed and very fresh .	3223
1	where else can you find a can of green tea above frozen bull pizzle . this place is pretty awesome ! if you are a vegetarian , avoid the back of the store . lots of living fish , smelly dead fish , & constant sawing of meat with some kind of power saw . lots of great looking fresh produce . stuff is cheap too ! ! tons of asian sauces & seasonings . a whole isle dedicated to tea . major plus between may & september - underground parking ! !	3269
1	the process began with a visit to dr. kim , continued with dr. thosani and dr. stutman . each doctor knew the meaning of `` more than satisfying '' your patient . i am so thankful that i chose spectrum dermatology for the procedures that needed to occur , for each and every staff member gave me the reinsurance that i was under expert care with knowledgeable doctors . thank you to each and every one of you for going above and beyond sharing information and providing outstanding medical care .	2099
1	great response to replace recirculating pump with just a few days of warranty remaining . excellent work .	2558
1	very happy with the support and repairs needed for all my electronics . very professional and quick.highly recommend	2930
0	worst place ever ! horrible customer service and employee attitude . charged me for a 2 minute `` fix '' and then tried to upsell a tuneup . they did not even offer to put vacuum in my car	932
0	not a review of the apartment i had or the pool . this building had the worst management ever and the worst `` security guards . '' my first week there , the friendly security staff kicked my family out of the cabanas ( that were empty ) because they were non-residents . the building kept creating and changing rules and cutting power , for improvements . my friends ( who i had to put on a guest list ) had trouble visiting , because they had to check in every time . valets parked cars in my designated spot . staff kept changing ... the location is in a pretty bad part of the strip that has n't improved .	1034
0	this location is awful . if your not old do n't expect any help at all . i was going to by socks and shoes for my 3 kids but after being in the store for quite some time we were not even greated by anyone . 3 different sales associates walked by us and made no contact . we walked out and will never be back .	3725
1	great service , reasonable prices , very good food ! the waitress was very helpful , and helped keep things efficient since we mentioned we had a time frame to meet . we came in on a whim , and we were not disappointed . would definitely visit again .	882
0	the last few times i have been here the experience has been poor . january i visited the restaurant for a sit down dinner . we got seated in the back and no one came and asked for our order in the 15 minutes we sat there . we finally got up and left . i stayed away until today and order take out . i get home and realized they forget the sauce for my meal . i had to drive all the way back to get there . i asked for a discount but received soup and an egg roll instead . i get home to eat my cold meal and my tasteless sauce .	1009
1	my family has been patients of dr rios for almost 20 years . his staff is friendly , courteous , and always helpful . dr rios is very professional but also very down to earth . he takes his time with you and can carry on a nice conversation . i think the office is very generous when it comes to your needs .	663
0	the cashier lady , at a korean supermarket of `` greenland '' , is so terrible ! ! no smile , never says `` hello '' nor `` thank you '' . always tapping her fingers even when customers are at the check out counter , so annoyed ! ! she should know what is a customer service .	3229
0	so first the older lady is such a sweetheart , but the younger blonde girl has a nasty attitude . they charged me $ 15 for my dogs nails to be trimmed and they were still sooooooooooooooo long they were in and out in less than 2 min and charged me 15 bucks ! ! and yeah there stuff is unique but you can find it online for cheaper . i 'll be taking my business else where that 's for sure ! just another overpriced dog boutique . i give them one star only for there homemade dog treats but , no thank you .	3433
1	great cheeseburger with a giant mexican coke ... .oh yah , pretty college girls in tight nurses outfits . i 'm a fan . a little hokey , but the food is good and at a fair price .	75
1	the people here are always super nice to me . i had a terrible experience at pv postal and these guys handled it so much better .	3769
0	the nurse was amazing and compassionate and helpful . the doctor on the other hand seemed disinterested and not very helpful . he was in a hurry to prescribe just about anything rather than trying to really help determine what was wrong with me . then ! ! ! at 2:00 am , they sent me to a walgreens without a 24 hour pharmacy . i have ubered all over town to try to get my perscription filled .	2517
0	this place is horrible ! ! ! ! ! ! the general manager is awful , he does n't care if you get your furniture or not , he just cares about the sale ! they promise you furniture that never arrives , take your money and go some where else .	1442
0	tried for the first time , really wanted a fluffy flavorful frozen treat on a hot day . unfortunately , i received a hard-packed over syruped mess . just holding it had the syrup overflowing on to my hands and on to my clothes . the one my friend got seemed less overfilled , so perhaps there is hope . unfortunately , i 'm not going back to try one there .	3939
0	this place is weird . it 's like a nightclub for golfers . i do n't get it . it was a strange mix of families , drunks , golf nuts , teenagers and people celebrating random occasions . is there really nothing else to do in gilbert ?	1483
1	the nicest people you will ever meet . i am a doctor 's wife and a horrible , high stress patient . from leslie at the front desk who chatted me up to distract me to patrick the nurse who did a perfect job despite my needle phobia to mary ann and lois who got me relaxed and were total sweethearts about it to dr. ramzan who took great care , 10/10 team .	1357
1	i like famous footwear . i use their rewards card , and if you spend over $ 200.00 in a given year , you are a gold member . you then earn 1.5 points for every dollar you spend . if you get 100 points , you eventually get $ 5.00 off your next purchase . i mostly go there to buy skecher work shoes ( for work ) . famous footwear has them cheaper than anywhere . the manager of this location is great to deal with too . buy your shoes here .	3443
1	we had a wonderful experience staying at the hotel . barbara was professional friendly and fun at checkin . edward exhibited the same qualities and provided great service at breakfast . my only regret is i do n't recall the name of the bartender from friday night 's ( 8/3 ) happy hour who was also great . the rooms were clean , modern and comfortable .	2972
0	filthy , overpriced , ghetto . there was a gang fight in the lobby my first night there . the hallways reek of cheap perfume . my shower drain did n't work due to it being clogged with hair . my window looked out on the wall of the neighboring hotel . life is too short to stay at the quad .	2976
0	sweet stylist but she completely ignored my photos and description of what i wanted , and right here at christmas i have no hair at all . this was a splurge for me and i was referred to her by someone who said the stylist was good with short hair . i got a $ 10 . cut that cost me $ 60 . miserable experience . cute shop though and parking is easy .	2265
1	i was beyond impressed with big in japan . we were visiting montreal with our aunt and uncle who live part-time in japan and are always on the lookout for authentic , delicious japanese food . while the food was n't 100 % authentic , big in japan did not disappoint on the deliciousness . the sake cocktails were dangerously good and very bright and light . they went well with the ramen that we all ordered and enjoyed immensely . the waitstaff was super friendly and the service was fast . we will definitely be visiting big in japan , and perhaps their other bar down the street , during our next trip to montreal .	1582
0	great class - very poor customer service ! i registered for bls and took the class 2 weeks ago - great instructor however - i have placed multiple emails and calls and still do not have my bls card which is required for work - no return emails or calls as of today - i feel as a healthcare provider and their awareness that the card is required and they have not provided the card or an explanation as to the delay is substandard and i would not recommend their business at this point . i would seek recertification elsewhere .	235
1	this taxi service is my favourite . i have always had great drivers who are polite and sincere . they arrive fast . i 'm a happy customer : )	3011
0	the massage was good and all . but where do you get giving tip is an obligation ? i do give tips but it 's annoyingly to have a minimum tip .	735
0	will never buy here . the owner was extremely rude when i called today asking for a particular brand of bourbon . hey said `` if you buy a case of wine i might consider if not do n't call here again . '' i understand it 's a business , but juicing customers is wrong . i would advise going anywhere else .	256
1	one of my favorite events is coming up here . great family entertainment and great place to shop . madison rock and mineral show november 23 and 24 ! there are cool demonstrations and showing large collections of rocks and minerals -- sunday is bargain day ! ! http : //www.alliantenergycenter.com/upcoming-events.aspx ? ctl=details & mid=447 & itemid=1888	3028
0	gave this location a 2nd chance and will not be going back . was charged for sea salt without being asked during a pedicure . when asking why the extra charge the lady said $ 5 for sea salt scrub . i explained i was n't asked it was just done . she still charged me the extra charge . very poor experience	2213
0	overpriced coffee , $ 10 boxed sandwiches and salads ... yeesh ... i 'll take a walk . though lavazza is good , this was not a spectacular cup of joe . at $ 8 for two 16oz . cups i 'll pass .	2397
1	great if you need coffee on the north end of the strip !	2723
0	a quicky one stop wannabe broadway variety show . i have to say i was n't very impressed . i had to say it was really annoying watch my dad oggle the naked ladies ... gross ... do n't go with your parents . anyways , i would assume the only reason to see this is to see boobs without going to a strip club . the 3 showgirls with the big fake boobies were in the middle and the sides trailed off to the flatter than flattest showgirls i have ever seen in my life . not even good for the boobies ...	3069
0	i think the five star reviews are fake . i booked a ticket through them . then i was told one day later that the ticket was no no longer available at the quoted price and was therefore cancelled . i was told that i would n't be charged but i was which was over $ 1,100 ! do n't book from this company . they make me buy a real ticket later so prices went even higher and charge my credit card ( i have disputed the claim to the cc company but do n't know how it 's gon na go ) for nth ! just stay away ! ! ! !	1574
0	never had any work done but for a good reason . this doctor betrayed me by discussing my case with my previous surgeon against my wishes . my previous surgeon , who has permanently disfigured me actually got in my face at a follow up appointment and mockingly yelled in my face that he talked to dr. gawley about me . this speaks for dr. gawley 's integrity . make your decisions wisely . arizona is not a good place to have plastic surgery ( a friend was actually told this by another plastic surgeon in town-nobody is good here in az ) .	3623
0	i heard nice reviews so went there and found a great used driver . you can hit it into the screen which is great . checked price versus ebay and ebay was a few bucks cheaper but i bought from second swing . i had also noticed a bag sitting outside so grabbed that too . we 'll bag tore and i took it back . they said outside is clearance and no returns . i did not see a sign , so they have lost this customer . i have zero interest in locating their other fine print .	1013
1	we went on a busy saturday night . service was good and the server helped us with making wine selections based on our preferences . we settled on the chardonnay and we both enjoyed it . the food menu is a little limited with the entrée choices , but everything we ordered was prepared well and very tasty . the chef even came out to check on several of the tables , including us , while we were there which is nice to see . we live nearby so we are excited to have a fun new restaurant in the neighborhood .	967
1	menudo on sunday	797
0	not the best hookah bar i 've been to but not the worst either . staff is friendly unless someone else is there . a little pricey but chill place . food is served but i did n't try . just a little small although they offer private rooms but for more money . most hookah lounge that is standard . they need to expand to get my business again .	1229
0	they will nickel and dime you for every charge they can think of . they also try to upsell you if you tell them exactly what you want . they will charge you just to take your blood pressure . never going back . too expenseive	2277
1	came here for dimsum on a sunday with a group of 20 . it 's just your typical dimsum restaurant and it definitely hit the spot for me . we got around 10 different dishes and everything tasted great .	0
0	i have certainly had worse dining experiences . the service while not really existent is at least not rude . i will say that the portion size for a $ 23 combination pan roast is the worst i have ever seen .	1255
0	poor customer service , poor work quality , high prices . phone calls seldom returned , all front lug nuts loose , shoddy wiring , nut missing off air cleaner . i would give one star but the owner was nice when i finally got ahold of him and the car eventually did get fixed . that being said , was treated as if the car came with an open check book . was charged for an inspesction that i was told was free . that was refunded after multiple calls . nevermind , changing it one star now after reading my own post .	1318
1	i just came into the service department today , because i drop my remote less key which broke . steve one of the gentlemen in the service department was able to put my remote less key back together , and saved me from having to buy a new one . thank you steve ! ! !	624
0	started off kinda negative , the hostess acted like she was doing us a favor seating us in a restaurant that was about 1/2 empty . as the night went on , i could n't help but notice that everyone got the same treatment from her . well , not everyone , she spent the bulk of her time climbing all aver one of the servers like a mink in heat . she was plenty pleasant to him . i guess the rest of us were a distraction to her . so where is the manager ? why not make your employees behave ? meanwhile , our server was fine and the food was above average .	192
1	friendly and helpful staff . great lunch prices . i highly recommend visiting lotus chinese cuisine	1249
1	i really like their same as cash programs . the sales people are not pushy . the sales people are well informed . return & warranty programs are great even though the customer service reps require a little push at times to go in the right direction .	439
0	terrible experience ... at first and second appointment , they failed to mention i was n't being scheduled for a cleaning . so i had to come back for a cleaning but they were late , and i had another appointment afterwards . hopefully , the outdated dental equipment will be updated soon . heidi my hygienists was efficient and nice though .	2246
0	this shop supposedly specializes in subarus , but they do n't know a single thing about them . i called about a very common problem in my subie that i had already diagnosed , and they acted like i was speaking another language . he wanted to diagnose it himself and literally told me no when i asked if he could help me since i already knew what the problem was . this place is a joke .	1651
0	having recently moved here , i was having trouble finding a good threading place to go to . so when i found this place , i was pretty stoked . when i got there , there was a chair available right away . one of the ladies invited me to take the seat , but then she continued being on her phone . not the greatest customer service ! although the process was fairly simple and i was happy with the shape , i noticed that she cut me several times on the skin under my eyebrows . if i return , i will only be going to farida or her daughter .	3806
0	i am a grubhub driver . i came to pick up an order for a customer . the restaurant was extremely late with producing the order . when i arrived the manager rudely told me to move out of the way ! i understand that it was packed and that they were very busy , but it 's no reason to be rude and disrespectful . instead of cussing him out like he deserves , i chose to write this accurate review of my experience ! i would n't recommend anyone support a business where they are extremely rude to their patrons .	563
1	to the woman working on 6/17 around 8pm and helped me find my husband cologne for fathers day , thank you . you went above and beyond , helped me find the perfect scent and wrapped it for me so beautifully . you were so pleasant that i needed to write a review . such amazing service .	2479
1	attended the diva show here last night . it was great ! partied in casino afterwards . staff was friendly & service was good . not smokey . ... slots were paying out from what i noticed . floor show with prince , usher & rick james was great !	2976
1	great interaction with the crowd . the host is fantastic and keeps a nice flow to the show . the guys are hot ! nice dance routines , and the entertainment value was fantastic . i saw the chippendales , but if you had to pick ; go thunder ! december 2015 .	2149
1	some really phenomenal service in here . you really do n't find that anywhere anymore . i went on their website looking for a specific toy . the website said that this particular store had it in stock . i drove over there only to find out that they had been out of stock for quite some time . the manager actually got on the phone and started calling around trying to find the toy for me . he was able to find it for me at another store and they held it for me until i could get there . he worked so hard for me and i did n't even spend any money in his store . but i will definitely be back .	3411
1	go see gary . an amazing man . had to get a few more holes in my belt since i lost weight . gary refused that i pay him for this small job . i do not find this type of service anywhere else today . i wanted to give him $ 10 , but he refused . go see gary and stay away from other big stores ! thanks gary .	2114
1	this was my first time using a mobile groomer ! ! i have two small dogs miniature poodle and shitzu mix and katie did an amazing job on both ... best groom i 've seen in town ! she was very gentle and patient with my dogs and on time ! ! i will definitely be using them for my future grooms and recommend to my friends and family ! ! thanks again pampered pets ! ! : )	1218
1	this is my first vegetarian dim sum experience and i am impressed ! the food is created in a way that highlights it 's fresh ingredients like mushrooms , tofu and choy without pretending to be meat . dim sum staples like fried taro root dumpling and spring rolls were crispy and tasty . at dim sum , my favourite dishes are bbq pork bun and shrimp rice noodles . both dishes at wu tai were delicious , the bun was soft and the taste of filling was amazing . the tofu choy rice noodle `` cheung fun '' also yummy ! the servers at this place are quick and responsive too , looking forward to going back .	814
0	dropped my car off at the tire center for a rotation and to fix a slow leak . told one hour and twenty minutes . went back an hour and thirty minutes and they had no idea when they could get to it . the excuse was that i did n't have an appointment . if you do n't have an appointment you do n't exist in their system . do n't waste your time as a `` walk in '' as the appointments will be processed first and they may never get to your car .	1102
0	agree with other reviews- avoid this company if you can ! over an hour in line and still waiting ... wo n't be surprised if they 're out of cars when i get to the front !	2134
1	excellent service team , eric and steven took great care of me during the installation of four new tires . they went above and beyond after their regular store hours .	3379
0	worst experience i have ever had with trying to get in an apartment . nearly no communication and it 's hard to get a hold of anyone at the office .	842
1	my 2 boys just started little einsteins and they love it ! ! they transferred from kindercare down the street we had so many problems there but now i do feel stress free with them here . they love the staff , and food but most of all they were happy with all the great field trips they take here and they get 2 snacks ! ! great job staff	3582
1	this place makes our town unique . very unique very different very interesting . anyone and everyone is welcome here . they appeal to all tastes and price levels . good new location better than the old one .	17
1	beautiful restaurant , too soon to judge the service since it just opened but they are very friendly . i liked the brunch menu but want to go back for dinner . its great for groups and has an open air feel so will truly dominate in cooler weather . they were very accommodating with the menu for gluten free options .	1331
1	this is a fantastic shop . i started with the ellure plus as my first `` real '' sewing machine . i quickly grew to the unity . they gave me a super fantastic trade in on my ellure plus machine ! i also bought a serger , the evolution , which does a create rolled stitch ! i made some beautiful christmas napkins with it . they have great classes and are always there to help you learn to make new things on your machine ! everyone is very kind and helpful !	2720
0	horrible service , horrible food . went there with my family twice . first time was bad , so i thought maybe it was an off night . went back a few weeks later , nope , it 's just bad . bland food , almost like it was out of a box .	1242
0	had lunch at 2:15pm , ordered `` choose 2 '' . had a french dip sandwich , the sandwich was lukewarm , dip was cold plus they charged me $ 1.25 for the dip . had broccoli cheddar soup , also lukewarm , they did warm it up for me . totally over priced $ $ $ $ $ probably wo n't come back here again !	484
0	the shop is great ! ! the problem , every cigar not under humidity is trash . i 've gambled twice here because of location and lost both times . all their cigars behind the counter need to get into the humidor . acid tins behind the counter are dried out and stale . if you shop there encourage management to move their product .	3241
1	we stop by here every once in awhile . the service is decent but normally a longer than usual wait time for whatever reason . i really like the chef salads they have . the portion is more than enough for just one person . as for the other items they offer i 'm not sure . i personally have n't eaten anything else .	1212
1	this is scream a whole in a wall full of goodness . i am so happy that i had the opportunity to dine here . the staff is sooooo kind . they remember me from my last visit with my sister . this was my first time eating vietnamese food and it wont be my last . i ordered the pho which was super tasty with beef . and i also order the curry chicken which was amazing it was sweet curry also with vitemanse coffee that they bring to you in a nice pour over with condensed milk making the iced coffee	947
1	i spray tan from time to time and always have a good experience here . i bought the monthly package and am very pleased ! the girls out front are pleasant and knowledgeable about their products .	3115
0	no no no , incomplete work and liers when it came to the whitening kit . money hungry . i went in early and they were the one running behind so why rush me because the next appointment is here . find another spot to get your work done	2368
1	we just completed construction of a luxury custom home in the ridges , and we are thrilled with our beautiful laguna pool and spa . dewey forte and his crew have been professional and personable throughout the entire process . all of our questions and concerns were addressed promptly and courteously . their dedication to our building timeframe and completion date was stellar . not only is the pool stunning , but all the equipment is top-notch and functions beautifully . needless to say , we highly recommend laguna pool and spa ...	3833
1	had lunch here over the weekend , sunday . food was tasty , service was efficient , place was clean . i just did n't like that they did n't have vinegar handy .	658
1	this place serves good food , but the ambiance could be improved a little but . i recommend the moo shoo pork and it 's unfortunate that you would n't know how great their food is from the look of the place .	1103
1	i started going here because it 's only a few blocks from my house , but now it 's the only place i go . the staff , although not always smiley ( to be honest ) , are actually quite friendly and helpful . maybe i go at off peak times , but i have never once waited in line . i always get to walk right up to an agent . on second thought , do n't go here ... i do n't want to have to wait in lines ; ) .	3918
1	amazing nail designs and great prices for the work . these ladies and gentlemen deliver top notch service and never disappoint !	527
1	not a huge fan , but fantastic show . we live in lv , and have seen most shows . one of my favorite all time concerts . spectacular production , and she is a great performer .	1771
1	despite other reviews , i enjoyed my overall experience there ! sat outside in the nice weather , waiter was nice and the food was pretty good . the best i had but still satisfying . great location too !	992
1	always a bad ass place to just say fuck it lets roll last second ! ! ! ! i decided to roll out at 2 o'clock and here by none from so cal ! ! ! great harley ride ! ! ! beautiful drive	315
0	we got one reclining lounge seat and loved it so much went to get another . we were devastated to find out the color was discontinued with in 8 months . we were told they could order it since someone found some left over material . the new couch was financed even though it would n't be here for 8 weeks . then the next day lazy boy said we needed to put down 1/3 in cash ( 600 ) for a guarantee or we could n't have the coach . i explained that i do n't think that 's fair because we are getting a discontinued product . so we did n't order a new coach	264
1	not sure what one i prefer costco or this place both have good buys ! a busy place for sure , they have a nice selection and store is always clean and staffed as needed	2556
1	i love this place ! i 've been here a couple of times and both their dry and soup noodles are great ! i also really like this shaved beef appetizer they have that comes in chilli oil . i think this is comparable to big beef bowl and magic noodle , two other places i love for hand pulled noodle soup .	790
1	normally i will treck over to the other side of town for i love sushi ... but this place is just 1.5 miles from my house and i think this will be my new go to place ! i went alone early on a sat night ... . the staff was super friendly and everything was very delicious !	408
1	this is a perfect little gym . they have plenty of equipment and it 's well maintained and clean . if your looking for a super sized meat market of a gym this is not for you . if you want to work out among lots of motivated people this is the gym for you ! ! the staff is really friendly here and they keep the gym clean . they also have a kids area but no space for classes like yoga or spin but still a great gym ! !	2919
0	never have i ever been so uncomfortable in a store . -filthy bathrooms -filthy aisles -rude workers -terrible parking if there were a building in phoenix i would elect to bulldoze , this would be the one . that 's how bad it is . enter with caution .	2141
0	miserable delivery , impolite & rude delivery guys , they scratched our floor , they put the handle without taking off the nylon , , a lot of damage , seems from the outlet even it 's not , customer service they said sorry for this inconvenience	3567
1	i am so happy to have visited glass nickel 's physical location in sun prairie instead of just ordering out ! so thrilled to have found a good local bar that also serves food . they stay open late , but there were not many restaurant guests when we came in and just a few other people at the bar -- super refreshing in contrast to overly-crowded and noisy barr house across the street . the atmosphere is really chill and the bartender was cool , so this felt like a really comfortable and fun place just to hang out for a late-night drink . i 'm a big fan ; this might be our new go-to sun prairie bar .	1519
0	never going back ! we 've waited 50 min for our entree ( cheap spring rolls ) then another 45min for our cheap chinese food plates.. the waiter had no explanation for us , the little waitress was pouring water every time we were taking a sip , we felt really uncomfortable and disrespected . were done , going to the cash the cashier tried to steal 50 $ from us telling that she gave us our change back but she actually never did anyways.. in other words if you respect yourself please do not go there	1336
1	best indian i 've had in a long time . get there early they `` run out '' of the good stuff . people in and out non stop . this place is happening on the calgary food scene ! delicious !	1303
0	clean hotel and convention center . everything is pretty new and it 's centrally located . downside , there 's no recycling anywhere on premises . it 's 2018 , come on guys .	1656
1	came in today to order balloons for my sons party . jazmine and izzy were so helpful , not to mention super sweet . costumer service was awesome .	1882
1	been to mentor and beachwood several times . mentor has a much better massage experience . shannon is amazing at facials- it 's a whole relaxing experience plus real skin benefits !	3524
1	great car , great price and we checked in with sherone , he was quick and efficient and friendly . thank you !	3129
0	very polite on the phone . then went from missing an agreed meeting for an estimate to not returning calls at all . zero effort to communicate with possible new customers . very impressive website without the professionalism to back it up .	2876
1	. hard court and beach volleyball , tennis , pickleball , racquetball and basketball ! great public park ! swimming pools too !	3471
1	fast and cheap haircuts ( well , maybe just fast for me because my haircut was simple ) . like everyone else have said , $ 17 for a haircut . really good if you live in the college park buildings or aura since it 's just in the basement of aura .	1597
0	i 'll give four stars for the food , but subtract 3 stars for incredibly poor service and server attitudes . really too bad . was hoping for good things from this restaurant . do n't be surprised if you have a less than enjoyable experience .	1105
1	one of my favorite places . donuts are always good . and the real fruit smoothie is the best.. mango	3137
0	i usually use yelp just to help me find new places but walgreens has changed that for me today . i have been sitting in the drive thru for over 20 minutes without one employee checking on me or even acknowledging that it 'll be a few minutes . horrible customer service .	2463
1	we desperately needed this in mountains edge . it seems so folks expect to go to a new store during prime hours and it not be busy . however busy or not the staff here has been very kind and helpful to my family . for distance we will probably be going here as opposed to the smith 's on southern highlands parkway which usually runs out of stock and does n't have what we need . that has n't happened yet here . overall i 'm happy with the store and will continue shopping here . i look forward to seeing the shopping plaza grow with more stores .	1904
1	favorite place for a beer hands down . sadly many people agree and it can get a little crowded ... .but they deserve the business . love the people , friendliness , and great rotating beers .	2727
0	my boyfriend and i went to sit down and enjoy a dessert but it was n't until after we had ordered everything that she said they were about to close..so we had to eat it outside on a cold day . not cool . i got chocolate chip cookies which were okay but more buttery than i 'd have liked . he got a raspberry crumble-ish tart that was pretty good . the croissants are supposed to be amazing , but i did n't have the best first experience , so i 'll try thobor 's next time .	397
0	i would give zero stars if i could . i was followed around the store , and was n't even asked for help . the employees are rude , and for their prices , i would shop anywhere else .	2843
0	nice place . good food and drinks . bartender was not great . she started off with joking with us . but when we joked with her she was n't having it . by the time we paid she said to me that she was `` not fond of me '' and she threw my friends check at him because there was a discrepancy on the bill .	1520
1	i was in toronto for a business trip and came here for desserts . i had a boba tea drink & shaved ice and they were really good . you might have to flag the waitress down . overall , great place to hangout with friends .	176
0	this was not one of my favorite places to stay but we needed a `` cheap '' hotel near the airport and public transit .	3248
1	tiny room with maybe four actual tables . cozy atmosphere with good music in the background . it felt like it could 've been a café somewhere in mexico city . portion was a good size , ingredients were fresh , and taste was authentic .	332
0	would n't rush back here ... .. nothing to rave about . the portions were great but the sauces and toppings were meh ! the guys who worked there were so out to lunch and did n't even let me try the different types of proteins ( every other place does . ) .	470
1	troy , is a honest car guy , surprised , well you will be you can count on him to do the right thing . you will love his cars and him , do n't hesitate to go and check it out .	3261
0	so this is chinese food when everyone is closed ... the delivery is slow and the driver is usually angry or annoyed when delivering and the food is so so . there are many better restaurants that serve chinese food but if you are up late and this is your last ditch effort , order and beware .	945
0	dont buy anything there i had a water pump go on my harley it took them six weeks to fix it .ibough the bike there and told they had harley machanic that could fix them . let me tell you i would n't let them fix a fen wheelbarrel.plus the service lies because they do n't how a service deparment works .so people stay away from these guys	2635
1	besides the extremely pushy sales people ( specifically sprint ) , its a pretty descent mall with good variety . plus , they have the best jeweler in town , gold touch jewelry : )	2815
0	zero consistency in the food . one visit it will be great , the next visit it will be terrible . you could order the same pizza and get a different looking one every time . also , it has been closed for several weeks with no notice on the door , website or voicemail . is this place even still in business ? ?	257
0	yuck . this place is disgusting . i came in and tried to stay for a drink but could n't finish . the place stinks , and is filthy . look at the slobs who bartend ! gross .	3077
0	i stopped in at 3:15 pm . asked for a pedicure . an asian lady said , oooo it be long wait . then after a pause an older asian guy , said can you come back at 4:30 . i left . i went to my car and waited about 10 minutes and called them using a youthful voice and sounding like a diff race . same lady answered.told me i could come at 3.30 pm . what gives ! ? i will never go here again . i hate to pull the race card but ...	1306
1	fastest best place in town ! dr.kevin and all the staff are great ! in and out and always great advice !	1466
0	they get the work done , but they are interested in what most car shops are interested in : your money . i had a lot of repair work recommended for my car , that in my opinion , was not necessary . i 'd skip this place as there are better service shops in the area .	2100
1	i am by no means rating this as a 5 star hotel ... do n't be mistaken . my husband and i stayed here for $ 25/night i mean what can you expect for that cheap ? it was safe and quiet with a decent clean room which is more than you can expect from a motel 6 off the strip for over $ 60 right ... we were only in town for the night so who cares ? i must say the casino is much better since remodel , it was disgusting before . another plus is the prime location , on the better side of the strip and right next to the nicest hotels such as venetian , palazzo , wynn etc ...	2976
0	i 'm writing this review from the 17th tee . i have time to do this because this is the slowest round of golf i 've ever played . it 's the pace of a cheap muni for the cost of some of the most expensive golf in the country . pro shop and marshals are worthless . go elsewhere .	1087
0	worst experience ever ! i wanted to cancel my membership and i was cornered to pay annual fees . rude behavior towards customers , will not recommend this gym	2959
0	went for lunch here for the first time today . my friend and i ordered the special of the day , the fish fry . we were told that they had no fish ! ! we both ordered a burger . they were dried out and served on a semi stale roll . bad meal .	2694
1	this is my favorite new sushi place . they have a great indoor/outdoor bar area . their craft beer selection is above average . i like the garlic edemame and the grilled squid appetizers . the rolls and nigiri are all solid as well . make sure you get there for happy hour to enjoy the best prices !	602
1	very good brown ale . tasty short rib and bleu flatbread . nice shrimp and beet salad . on the way down yonge from the hotel to the air canada centre , and way better than walking through a hailstorm that reminded us of dip ' n'dots . efficient cute waitress	670
1	i have lived here a couple of months with no issues . the apartments are really big with split floor plans . they are perfect for my roommate and i , anytime i need anything done it is done quickly . i have no problems with bugs or loud neighbors . the pool is clean and the place is kept up . its just a simple , good , and small community that i would recommend to anyone .	1909
0	www.ftc.com make complaint . the more complaint they get , they will change up their policy . please as a community we should do something about it . verizon offer double the speed and the same price as cox cable . make a complaint that we should be able to pick more then one isp , not one or 2 isp in a single monopoly money making scheme .	2421
0	way too loud and crowded ! this is not a relaxing place , i had servers bumping into me all night , our table was move after 2 hours , and my throat hurt after talking so loud all night . you 're supposed to go to a restaurant to relax , not shout and feel claustrophobic . there was not a vegetarian option tacos either , which i was not impressed with . not recommended . bad atmosphere .	1305
0	never ever go to tea from regis at robinson . honestly from the start of my appointment i felt uncomfortable . i did not trust her and her personality made me cringe . she ruined my hair . i had long hair , about belly button length . i told her that i wanted 1 inch cut off with no layers . this lady decides to give me layers , and she made the layers around my face above my shoulder ! ! ! on top of that she did n't even blend the layers at all . it was so bad . the only positive thing i have to say is the manager gave me a full refund and corporate sent me a gift card .	2963
0	lack customer service . had to wait and the treatments were rushed . did not get the results i was hoping for especially for the price . wo n't be back or refer anyone there .	582
1	the eating in the dark experience is a must . i found the food very bland though . the service was very unique and our waitress was awesome . i would recommend going here for the experience but not so much for the taste of the food	449
1	just tried this place out this morning for the first time . it may not be the most modern up to date decor but what makes it so special is the fantastic service ! ! my husband and i both ordered the daily breakfast special and it was delicious- too much food for me which is always nice because you know the value is superb ! ! the cook is a wonderfully warm woman who took a brief moment to come out and chit chat . she 's a doll ! ! we will definitely be back ! ! !	531
1	always when you walk in you are greeted and told what deals they have going on . this time was buy one of something and get another something a 50 % off . the store is located in the galleria mall upstairs near the food court . it is a small store but , they always have it cleaned and maintained . the staff is very friendly and helpful if you are looking for a particular item or size .	2291
1	delicious food ! the taco salad was huge and amazing ! the staff was very friendly and welcoming . definitely would recommend and will be coming back !	548
1	just check out these baby 's ! ! chrome nail polish plus matte design the staff did a great job ! !	1834
1	the quantity is good and price is better lolll the taste of food is awesome ! ! really love the rice they have !	22
0	merchants is essentially a copy/paste . big yawn . watched a flames game at the wood on saturday night to the sound of techno music . terrible . the ham , pineapple and jalapeno pizza was decent enough . the draft beer selection was super generic . i 'll pass .	1812
1	new place and really nice inside . was pleased with the service . price was good with the 20 % off , but think it 's a little pricey without the discount . i will go back and give it a second chance because it 's clean and the service was good and the owner and employees were very friendly .	265
1	have used these guys multiple times and they always deliver . pricing extremely fair and techs are always thorough , professional , and polite . great company .	1811
1	staff was very friendly ! never been to such a welcoming nail salon ! i 'm on fleek again thanks to my nail technicians ! i would recommend this nail salon to anyone in the area they are really kind and do excellent work !	686
0	got my nails done about a week ago and have been meaning to express my disappointment . i was in a rush while there so took a quick look at my nails when they were done and left.. when i actually looked at them properly i saw how bumpy and uneven they were . my left hand was so much worse than my right . complete waste of money . i posted a picture but it 's a lot more noticeable in person	3811
1	the club has great music and dances . wednesday nights are the best night to go - $ 1 drinks for ladies . it can get busy . no cover before 10 pm though . my only complaint is too much cigarette smoke though . you will come home smelling like smoke . their ventilation system is awful .	2554
0	never go here . i have used jiffy lube off and on over the years if in a time crunch . 3 out of 4 times i change my oil myself . i changed my oil this past weekend and when i took the filter off it was the same one from the time before when changed it my self . i know it was the same filter because i always write the month/year on the filter when i put it on . also it was a napa oil filter . jiffy lube does n't use napa stuff . scammers . stay away .	2852
1	we recently bought a honda crv from arrowhead honda . our sales advisor tony did a great job in explaining all of the features of the car to us . we never felt pressured or rushed thru the process . i highly recommend tony and arrowhead honda !	2210
0	i love love love dd , but this location is an absolutely inconvenient spot on washington road . it is almost impossible to pull in and out of . i feel like the cars behind me are going to hit me if i do not turn my turning signal on as soon as i make the turn off of gilkeson road . pulling out is a nightmare & no drive through . i have significantly cut back from even considering stopping at your location , and honestly that is such a shame for how much i adore dd .	2741
0	tiny , hot , 100000 kids crammed into a trampoline area . not my favorite trampoline park . wo n't ever go to again . flip n out is much better with many more activities	1095
1	after having tried almost all the asian bakeries in that area , i think that this is the best one . cashiers are nicer than at the other places around , there are lots of people coming there and thus everything is always super fresh . that being said , let me now eat one of those i bought and is left in the bag ... yeahhh !	3110
1	yum . have been here a few times , and have never left disappointed . it 's an easy choice on my `` vegan '' days when i still want something that feels sort of bad for you and diner-y ( versus green owl , which is fantastic but sometimes feels too healthy ) . all the sandwhiches i 've tried have been great , and the pie is sooo good - especially any one with peanut butter in it . service can be a little slow and invisible , at times , but the food makes it totally worth it . looking forward to hitting it up again in the fall .	975
1	great therapist . spa was under renovation and they discounted my service as a result . can not wait to return when new spa is done	2225
1	i had them install cabinets in my garage . john came out as scheduled and quickly provided a quote and time frame . the installer came on time and did a fabulous job . the cabinets look great and i would highly recommend west coast cabinets .	639
1	started going to this salon because my mother went and said she liked it and i tryed it and never left dissatisfied again .	3732
1	delicious chocolate chip cookie . soft , moist and tasteful . i 'm not a big sweets person , but this place knows how to do it . will need to try their snickerdoodle next time .	3749
1	i called this office and they were able to get me in next day . the wait was short and staff accommodating . i am satisfied with x-ray , exam , cleaning and fluoride treatment .	3752
1	first time trying this chain . ordered a vegetarian combo for lunch and i was very happy with the portion size and taste . will definitely return .	649
1	i seriously could not be happier with my purchases . i have purchased a stove and fridge there and work awesome . donna helped me decide which would best fit my needs and she was right . i 've had no issues with either one !	616
0	the worst food on our trip to montreal . the food the crust is a thick mattress of dough . the veggie pizza was insipid , but the met pizzza was not too bad . the service careful ! ! ! they do not cut their pizza all the way through . she said that was intentional , since they do n't want the juices the drain thru . but how do you expect us to eat the damn thing ! she was a bit huffy about it too ... as if isnt that what everyone does . newsflash lady - no one does .	400
0	3/6/15 update still no call or contact from tricia dye , manager at villas of cave creek . was promised a call by the hotel staff to resolve my horrible experience with trying to stay at villas of cave creek on 2/21/15 . yelp hid my review and kept a 2011 review live giving everyone a false impression of this hotel as a 5 star . though beautiful on the outside , this hotel is clearly run half haphazardly by tradingplaces.com on the inside . hotel stayers please call ahead and verify your reservation will be honored .	3803
0	tony knows how to fix things not broken and break others to get your money . charges for repair never made .	1215
1	excellent service at waffles cafe and the food was exactly how i ordered ! i had arieyona as my cashier and she brought out our food and she had excellent customer service , giving us all the specifics of our order and bringing it out the way we like . now , i feel welcome at the resteraunt and love the hospitality . definitely a recommendation tofamily and friends now . keep up the hard work waffles cafe !	580
0	i love texas roadhouse ... usually . unfortunately this location desperately needs to get with the program . they 've been open for nearly 6 months now so things should be running smoothly now . since opening , i 've probably visited 6 or 7 times . i 've tried desperately to give them the benefit of doubt but i think we 'll travel to the stapley location . the issues are poor customer service , wrong orders , and over cooked meat .	1491
0	i came here to get my eyebrows waxed , it was recommend by a coworker . before i had my eyebrows waxed i told the lady to keep my eyebrows thick , i just wanted them cleaned . after she was done she gave me a mirror so i could look at myself , more than half of my eyebrows had been waxed ! she made them extremely thin . wo n't be coming here again , especially not for my eyebrows . i had been letting my eyebrows grow out for a few months	3040
0	nice clean center priors is good decent food but lane maintenance is horrible screw caps on the lane surface are missing off spot pins zero oil so great for a night out bad for practice	467
1	i love the idea of this restaurant- customers being able to create the exact burger they want , whether it 's beef , bison , turkey , vegan . the options are endless , even with the toppings and sauces . if you order a burger with onion rings , be prepared to see the most massive onion ring you probably would ever see . i had the turkey burger and felt like it was way too dry . however the toppings and the fries were really good .	1417
1	nice new nail salon in summerlin near see 's candies charleston and town center . family owned . nate did my mani pedi . great job . i 'll be back for sure . i walked in midday and got right in . i 'm sure they will be busier soon !	1654
1	amazing experience from initiation of the appointment , minimal waiting time and great patient care exhibited by dr. gene khavkin . would recommend the khavkin clinic to any of my friends and family .	3217
1	terribles lube - i 've been here 3 times each time consistently great . service is quick and everything is explained . everywhere else i 've been to auto care there has always been that one mechanic who tries to sell you everything that is supposedly `` about to break down '' . not here atleast in my experience this far ... good people friendly and quick service .	1544
0	came here for a small tattoo , the artist rushed through it and now i am stuck paying someone who actually knows what they 're doing to fix all my ( way-overpriced ) crooked lines . avoid !	2028
0	went back recently , and they are still selling costco 's mass produced baked goods , and i ca n't imagine they are meeting food inspection standards . this place is not the `` independent '' `` locally made '' cafe you are looking for . try tori 's bake shop a bit further east for that !	3684
0	wasted my time coming down to this location ! very bad customer service from the start ! never returning to this location ever again !	2551
0	worse experience ever ! got in there , no one came out to the counter . waited there for about five minutes , i tried to call the store to get their attention and still no one came out . when i finally could order , i received the wrong item but just kept it moving . they gave me no lids for my ice cream ( 3 ) to go . i would rather make the drive to cold stone next time .	3537
0	service is rude , hassle to serve you , no thank you for order just a rude look when you pay . food isnt good . poor service , bathroom dirty . food was cold and waiiter said they couldnt help . i wont come back again . china gourmet is better on nellis .	1103
0	i called to book in for a mani-pedi and they told me they take the cost of the service off of your credit card in advance , i found it confusing . i just wanted to try them out , they have decent reviews here . i am a hairstylist , i would never miss a pedicure appointment , it makes our job a lot more comfortable . if the appointment is the same day , i do n't understand pre-paying before your service is even rendered . i could better understand if it was to hold the booking , but pre-charging seems out of the ordinary .	228
1	just wanted to add this . excellent experience today and will be back . more thorough review later .	951
1	i 've been here twice in the last 7 days . food is not too bad . i ordered a spicy bulgogi on noodles and it was n't that spicy . just a faint kick . love thier bibimbap !	1209
0	seriously great concept . honestly . but the cookies are awful . chill the dough longer . not a fan of flat , greasy , soggy cookies ... i was sad they did n't turn out to be amazing .	1522
0	this was the worst service i have ever had at a starbucks . the lady who worked at the register over charged my card . neither her or the manager who came to fix the issue apologized . as they tried to fix the issue , they totally ignored a line of people at least 8 people long . after all of this , they made my drink wrong . i am usually a huge fan of starbucks but i will think twice about going here again if they allow their employees to treat people this way .	453
0	i wo n't be coming back here . everything looks nice but the taste is not very good . the meal just tasted fake .	1402
1	i take my son to this cool cuts every few months . they staff is always friendly . i have learned to call ahead and make an appointment as they are often super busy and only have 2-3 stylists on average . i like that they have a train table to occupy your kiddos if you have to wait . i wish they did not sell toys . this is a constant battle with my 5 year old and i just do not see the purpose of having that kind of distraction .	3087
0	the manager lady did n't let me in because apparently it was n't me in my id . today is my birthday and it was embarrassing since i was visiting from california . i 'm 26 years old and i just went back to strip . waste of time here , i only wanted to listen to spanish music . trashy ass place !	849
0	extremely poor service . have come here three times and orders are wrong every time but food tastes fine . today order was n't even close so manager ( who had poor phone etiquette ) said to bring food in to get it fixed . upon coming in manager proceeded to laugh and did n't understand the issue . continued to laugh at myself and my wife then took someeone else 's order . then he got cold wings put sauce on and handed them . do not go here under any circumstances .	1395
0	i personally found lanore to be unprofessional and unprepared . i agree with some of the previous reviews .	3768
1	our 9 year old golden gracie has had a rough year . she has had 2 hematoma , one on each ear . the vet team at crossroads has been nothing short of amazing . dr o is the most caring veterinarian that i have ever met . i highly recommend them ! !	2165
0	went there with my kid , and we all got sick the next day . this place is not maintain . and the kitchen looks disgusting .	566
0	i went with a friend to brunch at licence iv on saturday the restaurant is very pretty , but was almost empty of customers . they had no green tea , but the earl grey tea was served in a lovely teacup . i ordered the alsatian omelette , the waiter repeated the word omelette , and then my order arrived , a fried egg on top of sausage and potatoes . this does not look like an omelette , i observed to my friend . when i got the bill , i saw the waiter had written down alsatian cassoulet . i understand that people can make mistakes , but honestly , that waiter must have been on automatic pilot when he took my order .	709
1	picked up our car today that we factory-ordered back in november . 5-star experience all around - kudos to cyndy clemens for making it a pleasant and painless experience - i recommend her highly if you 're in the market for a new mazda . got exactly what we ordered , at the agreed-upon price , plus was able to wedge in another $ 1k rebate for financing through mazda , which will work out fine vs our own financing . the car was impeccably prepped & detailed upon delivery . a+ experience from start to finish .	2816
1	sean and robert were awesome during our move this week , appreciated their hard work , plus they are both super nice and funny guys . will definitely be calling back for our next move . i had the groupon deal and ended up with no extra charges , i knew it was a total of two hours , my intent was for them to handle the larger furniture , worked out great for us !	2119
1	5 stars specifically because of tonya ! ! this woman knows customer service ! she was friendly , forward , and went the extra mile to help me get my issue resolved . otherwise very friendly staff , and they seemed to be getting everyone taken care of quickly !	3230
0	eh ... the 1st time we went there the lights never went off in the theater . we had to get up and go ask them to turn them off . also the sound went off before the movie was over . we brought it to their attention and they were very nice , apologized , and gave us a few free passes . they are new and have to work out the kinks i guess .	2486
0	this is one of their worst units . there always seems to be a problem . today stale bagel and blue berry muffin . i do n't get it i thought they bake it fresh its a bakery .	701
1	i 'm writing this review because i 've never had a negative experience with this location no matter the time of day . the staff is always friendly , funny and they always get my order right even with all my extra request . this is my local taco bell literally 2 mins from my house and i love them , i hope others have good experiences .	859
1	i bought my mother-of-the-bride dress here and i love my dress . the ladies here are so helpful and friendly . they go out of their way to make you happy and make you feel special i bought the dress two years ago . today i brought my daughter who is going to prom , here because they have such a great variety ! isabel said yes to her prom dress ! ! they are really awesome at the wedding apparel superstore ! i highly recommend them they give you that personal touch jocelyn was wonderful and helped us so much ! ask for her when you come to the store	1298
0	i would steer clear of this place , they just took advantages of a female friend of mine for service on her car before i could get there . i 'll never go there as long as i 'm alive and i will never send anybody i know to this place , and by the other reviews it looks like i 'm not the only one .	2210
0	came here with friends after getting disappointed in a mexican restaurant . a friend had tried this place and was raving about the food so thought of trying it out . we ordered veggie and chicken burgers along with masala fries . when the orders arrived , the patty was overcooked to the point of being burnt . the buns were cold and were not at all toasted . the masala fries were good and thats why the one star . i really wanted to like the place but was utterly disappointed .	940
1	after having really bad experiences with my childhood dentist it 's very hard to want to go back to any dentist but we all have to . once i got over my issues , i found angel dentistry . it has been a completely different experience and they have been nothing but wonderful . for a short time i had a change in insurance but i did n't want to go anywhere else . thank goodness my insurance got switched back and i can now resume my visits ! happy girl and happy teeth !	3402
0	this place is horrible . i have been here twice now- the first time i did n't love my nails but thought i was being picky . months later i tired again . today i waited over 30 minutes despite being the only person in the waiting area , was charged $ 46 for a gel manicure with `` ombré '' and left so mad . i had basic black polish on prior that was not removed thoroughly , did n't get my cuticles cut , there are air bubbles , the gel is uneven , and i have no ombré ! i will never return . do n't go here !	2297
1	incredible food and service . i was blown away by my bento box and my boyfriend loved his po'boy . they were slammed and there was a mix up at the bar , so did n't get our drinks until after our food came out . however , the drinks were both delicious and strong . they also took them off our check . they were so kind and polite to us . i wish i could eat there every day , such unique flavors and fresh ingredients .	666
0	i came here around a month ago for a balayage caramel highlight . i ended up with an ombre ash blonde highlights . the service was excellent and the salon was clean . however , the most important part to a hair service for me is the end result of my hair . it does n't look bad . it 's just not what i wanted . i mentioned i was going on a one month vacation after and could n't get it fixed the following days thinking they 'd be more careful with the colour . i will most likely not return .	1472
0	the lady with a tattoo on her neck seemed like she 's in a rush did my full set in 30 mins wayyy to fast.she made my nails all different lengths and very crooked and not filed straight . she didnt clean up my cuticles and the clear coat had soooo many air bubbles . i have never been so upset with my nails after they were done never ever would i come back to pro nails spa ever again ! ! ! ! !	1829
0	this place is trash ; the customer service is terrible and the work is mediocre . i 've been here three times now and never again will i trust them with dry cleaning or alterations . they do crappy work and overcharge ; check elsewhere . the moody owner is a complete bitch too . she was rude on the phone and again in person , then overcharged me to sew a patch on , $ 15 ; it was n't done properly , so i brought it back in and she wanted to charge another $ 10 ! i will never bring anything here again . stay away .	2835
1	appears to be an older property but i loved the size of my room and the am amenities . great work area and i also like the small kitchen . i would stay here again .	3503
0	creative paradise just did my neighbor 's back yard . i have no idea about , nor do i care , about the quality of the work . the crews intrusive and inconsiderate to my space . i had trucks and equipment parked in front of my house , it was nice to have to walk my trash can down the block so i could have it serviced . was also very nice to have puddles of mud in front of my drive way from the cleaning of their equipment .	3815
1	my boyfriend had his first visit here , antoinette was fabulous . she was very nice and thorough . everyone was very friendly and took the time to explain everything . they made it easy to find out what choices were right for him personally . we will return !	2246
1	aaa action garage door company showed up promptly and installed 2 high-quality heavily insulated garage doors & openers in my new building . the installers stressed doing the job the way they would want it done in their own homes . the doors , openers , seals , & weatherstripping are of the highest quality as was the installers workmanship . these guys are awesome ! do n't waste your time looking elsewhere .	999
1	awesome dining experience ! sunday brunch was deliciously fresh & filling ! huge servings for our orders ... tons of fruits variety ! ! love the relaxed atmosphere . coffee super strong ... a bit too strong for my liking . definitely happy & will returning soon ! !	1037
0	i tried to go in again for another chance ... still have bad moldy veggies . my hubby wanted fried fish and while the guy was waiting for it to be done frying , he was cleaning something , wearing gloves ... he went to check on the fish , holding it up with the same gloves on ! yuck ! i left out of there so quick !	1595
0	i recently switched to the vet . i will say that the doctors are very nice . however the prices are ridiculous . tests , nail trimmings , and other procedures i have done for my pups are almost double what they are here . they literally charged me $ 25 just to take my dogs blood pressure . what ! ? i 'd rather make the drive to north meck animal hospital and pay less .	1766
0	do not buy a concrete fountain from little baja . we paid $ 1100 for a beautiful fountain and two years later , it is literally crumbling apart . the owners accused me of putting chlorine in it , which i never did . they said chlorine will disintegrate concrete ! ? ! it is more like their fountain supplier uses low grade concrete . you can see large rocks 1-2 '' in diameter and very little cement . we think they mix the cement with rock from the desert . we will never shop there again . may still file a claim with better business bureau .	1987
0	do n't bother staying here . the music at the pool is worse than elevator music , the ac unit on our roof broke and was so loud for a few days and they could n't get it fixed during our stay & they 'll charge you extra for just about anything they can find an excuse for	2883
0	coffee was ok . the service was pretty good . the design of the place is interesting . however , they have let the place go . it is in a major need of cleaning . when i was there the two girls sat around drinking coffee and smoking outside . they should have been trying to clean the place up ... napkins and dust everywhere . looks as though it is run by some young kids that just got money from their parents . no real work ethic .	2219
0	agree , worst mcdonalds ever . not only did they mess up our order , they messed up the order before ours .	904
0	worst restaurant ever ! ! ! i have been to strip clubs that had better food . no bread . expensive meals . i ordered `` ahi sliders '' and they were gross ; the fish was white and the bread was cold . i sent it back after the first bite . everyone else i went with said their meal was terrible and cooked the wrong way . my friends ordered fish and steak and it comes with a small side salad on a salad plate , but nothing else on the plate with the meat ... just a small steak/fish on a big ol ' plate . the service was terrible as well .	1529
0	had a great first experience and horrible recent experience . for transparency , this was an experience for take out . i had asked for several almond croissants and was given chocolate croissants instead which i obviously did n't realize until i got home . when i called to ask if i can exchange , the guy i spoke to non chalantly said - only if it was untouched . eventhough it 's not my fault , all i got was `` sorry there 's nothing we can do '' . for a couple of croissants ? owner , please revise your policy because you 'll be losing much more when you lose a customer who is a huge fan . that 's basic business .	207
1	great atmosphere . very good burgers and a great selection of local craft beers . but when you go , you got ta try pam 's adobe dogs . you ca n't go wrong when you combine hot dogs and bacon ! your taste buds will thank you .	68
0	very poor service here . the event coordinator did n't deliver what was promised and we had to reply to the information to all works at the venue . surprising the seafood buffet was decide . there were any unknowns but would only recommend this place because they have a nice staircase .	3505
0	definitely not worth the trip or the money . this was my first visit and the macaroons are horrible . they are way to big for the standard macaroon . not only were they over cooked they were all different shapes and sizes . they were hard to bite into and did not have the light fluffy core . definitely not a high quality product . i would n't recommend this place to anyone .	3882
0	yes , i too was a victim of vegas city motors.one owner was 'bob ' and the other was anthony of chic 's corvettes fame.both are very dishonest , sneaky used car salesmen.they sold , and shipped a car to boston , mass , with a bad engine ! -talk about no morals.these guys are going to out of business very soon , or worse.do not purchase anything with wheels from these guys ! ! -you 've been warned .	3857
0	there was only one good eyebrow lady there and it was jaklin ! ! sadly she 's no longer their employer . also it 's very obvious the review by gabbi is a fake review made to advertise . beware ! ! !	460
0	had an appt with kellie ( made 2 weeks in advance ) . when i arrived my appt was n't recognize , and after waiting 15 min , ask how much longer . she was going to have a guy do my nails , and it was going to be 20 min before he would be available for me - i walked out , after reminding for the 2nd time i had an appt .	3509
1	charlotte airport location : great price and car , a little tricky to find ( next to bojangles ) . we got a new jetta for 4 days for under $ 100 . agent was very nice , car was clean and ready to go upon arrival . it is a little tricky to find if you 're using gps , it 's in the `` airport commerce center '' over by bojangles . will definitely use again .	1905
1	very nice and friendly people . they are clean and do a good job . tried them for the 1st time . will go back again .	1817
1	go here no less than 3 to four times a month and it never disappoints . love the employees , love the selection , love the customer service , i could go on and on but i need to dash and do other things . marshalls , keep up the good work . it is so much appreciated ! !	2251
0	the food ( pastries ) and coffee are very good . but there 's something up with the pricing . if you order coffee and croissants , to go , on a weekend morning , you apparently get charged extra ( that is , substantially more than the prices posted ) because ... it 's brunch ? that was the explanation . which did n't make sense , because these items were supposed to be to go . ( that is , no table service , no sitting in the café . ) an otherwise nice place i wo n't be going back to for this reason .	207
1	why do people never give positive reviews anymore just negative ones ? this place was great from start to finish . bed was super comfy and wifi is free . they even called me to make sure everything was okay in my room . free shuttle to airport . safe location and clean rooms . what more could you want ? ? ?	3503
0	typical freightliner dealer , more business than they can handle , which equals extremely poor customer service . little to no communication with service writer , who exhibited condescending attitude . after 24 hours i asked service writer eta to being done ... . '' i do n't know , they did n't tell me `` . what a jerk ! ! all employees are robots with no emotion , little to no caring about customers , rude attitudes . horrible place !	3914
1	just purchased flooring for the entire house . communication , follow through and install was impeccable . the house was measured , bid and ordered on a friday carpet and was ready for installation the following tuesday . the installers could not have been more professional . they moved heavy furniture and cleaned up afterwards . kudos to aric and crew !	1379
0	my review is n't on the food of this business , it 's on the customer service . i called on a saturday night at 7:29pm and spoke to i believe her name was sandra i asked if it was too late to place an order for pick up , she said pick up i responded yes she said one moment and put me on hold . i was on hold over 16 minutes and no one ever answered the phone , in fact i 'm sure that if i stayed on the line i would still be on hold . but i am now writing this review cheers to wanting to try something new .	1458
1	i made an appt within 45 days and was seen by the dr. my appt time was 930 . i came in at 900 to complete paperwork and was seen and checked out by 1020 within an hour for my annual exam which is relatively quick . especially for a gyn appt . i can see in the reviews people were upset about wait times however if there 's an ob patient needing medical attention i would hope the dr would see to the urgent cases first . everyone was very nice and professional . i will be continuing to come to this office . she 's knowledgeable about a wide range of medicine specialties .	3323
1	what ? ? ? ? ? moonstruck is closed ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? that was my favorite date place ever ! their vanilla icecream sundaes with chocolate fudge are to die for ... no joke ! ! i will never find a place that even comes close to how amazing their sundaes are when i 'm on my cute lil dates with my boyfriend . i never want to go on another date again = (	3787
0	do not go this place . bad service , over priced . i paid $ 75 for cleaning two cloths . workers are very rude . never go this place unless you want to use extra money with bad service .	2070
0	this store is meh . it 's fairly new but i can never find advertised items in stock when i come in .	1725
1	this is the good safeway . the evil safeway is at 7th st and mcdowell . good safeway : clean easy to find things wide selection fresh produce evil safeway : ghetto ass shit wilted produce limited selection heroin addict park across the street it 's been robbed during 2 shopping trips ... wtf ? only 4 stars though because a lot of the bakery goods have partially hydrogenated oil . wtf safeway ? do n't make me sic lindsay on ur ass , yo .	2316
0	i have been this residence almost 1year . since one las vegas decided to focus on sell unit they started to renovation . since then here is sucks . almost over 6months i am suffering construction noise every day 8am to 5pm . i am working night time shift so i ca n't even sleep from this noise . i get it construction situations . but how long it does takes ? ? it 's been 6months ! they using sounds like jackhammer or something like drill on the ground . but it takes for 6months ? ! this is nightmare . i 'm paying expesensive rent but i ca n't relax at home . great ...	3264
1	little bit on the pricey side but that is to be expected . i 've had the green monster as every one has recommended it and it was really good . the sweet potato fries are a great compliment to your meal . you can really taste the freshness of the burger as they cook it in front of you . not my first choice for a burger fix but overall very good !	901
0	these guys might as well be called pacific leaf blowers . they do nothing else . i 've tried over and and over to get somebody to do something but nothing ever happens . the workers wo n't spend more than fifteen minutes because they 're afraid they 'll get off schedule . i 'm over it .	2357
0	came in to test and possibly purchase a car battery . the customer service rep/some old guy with missing teeth , was the least helpful person ever when asking him the difference between two batteries ... `` well this one is better . '' okay ... please explain why it is better . `` it just is . '' ahhh ... okay . i 'm gon na take your word for it because it 's got a shorter warranty and $ 100 more expensive , because it 's just better . no thank you . please try to be a little bit helpful . instead of just take my word for it .	1471
0	i just called lvac on n. decatur to make sure they were open now and tomorrow . ( christmas eve and christmas ) . i was cussed at by someone who answered the phone ... could n't tell if it was a guy or a girl . they were cussing saying things i wo n't repeat . this was completely out of nowhere . i asked for their name and was told `` joanie or joni '' ? ! i told this person i was going to let their boss know . very very unprofessional . i love the place any other time ...	3268
1	great date spot . staff make it very fun . the place is dressed up like a hawaiian tropical rain forrest- with hanging stuffed blowfish and live band . drinks we re delish and food was spot on . make sure to book a table - not a lot of real estate . straws could be bigger ( *they re *bleeping* huge )	292
1	dr.allen , i 'm so glad that i got to be his patient ! he just did my mom 's knee replacement ! he was great his staff was excellent especially dominque his assistant alway there when we needed them ! during surgery he was always here checking on her and letting us know everything we need to know ! excellent doctor ! ! ! thank you so much definitely recommend ! ! ! !	2176
0	poor quality . poor flavor . poor experience . the chow mien is chewy . orange chicken is tough and not enough sauce . you can add teriyaki but it 's not the same as the sauce you ordered . i tried twice . wo n't be back to any location .	1075
0	okay . i know that the staff is supposed to be out going but it 's a little to much when they are practically in your face and in your car . wish me and my husband could go there with out someone commenting on how nice our vehicles are ( and going on and on about it ) . the coffee is good though that 's why i 'll give it 2 stars .	361
1	2 white guys & a dog ( dane ) came out in march and did a nice job on our spring cleanup for the yard . he came out gave us a fair estimate for the small lv backyard , not like the others high outragous prices . him & crew came back following wed , cleaned , cut trees , bushes , mowed the lawn & edged the yard . we will call on them again for future projects .	2387
0	flight supposed to be 10pm . flight had been delayed because of crew emergency . est time of departure is 12:15am . this means we will be stuck in the morning rush hour going to ny city . unfortunately , after letting us wait until 12:30am , virgin america cancelled our flight . we spent 5 hrs in the airport and end up going back home . they rebooked us for thursday night but we basically lost one day of vacation time .	1623
0	went in for a late breakfast on a sunday . the waitress was attentive , however , her interaction seemed forced . a couple days later i found she/someone charged me $ 13.64 for the miners breakfast and then another $ 5.00 for who knows what.. obviously someone does n't know what they 're doing behind the register . i highly advise paying in cash if you want to go to this sierra gold . if you want better service where they do n't fuck up your check , go to the location on buffalo and smoke ranch .	1520
1	what a lovely restaurant ! great decor , well-laid out seating , clean washrooms as you enter and get seated . polite and helpful staff who guided us through tjhe menu . outstanding food . flavourful and not salty or oily . really tasty . will return	814
0	worst customer service ever . the front desk staff acted like they could n't care less that we were there . when we went to check out , no one was at the desk at all . waited for several minutes before someone showed up . restaurant not so great either . one good thing was the location . fountain hills is beautiful , great lake with walking path right across the street .	2866
0	-broke the door on my sprinkler timer ( i have it on security camera ) -moved my giant trash-bin to the back corner of my yard and never moved it back . -broke my sprinkler valve and flooded my yard , then blamed it on me ( i was in la at the time ) . -billed me the full amount for all work-done and also stuck me with a $ 300 water bill . this company is awful - the owner has a huge problem with blaming the customer . they dont give a crap about your personal property either . go elsewhere	2759
0	i do n't get the obsession . way to expensive for mediocre fried chicken . seriously , fast food chicken 6 pieces of leg and thighs for $ 30 ? that 's almost comparable pricing to gourmet sit down restaurants in toronto ! and honestly , popeyes is better ! to top it off , terrible fries ! they are clearly frozen and not handcut . i am always willing to pay god money for good food . this s the 2nd time i 've ordered take out from here . i tried the boneless chicken the last time and it was a sweet batter . it was terrible . 2nd experience trying something different did not change my mind .	566
1	first time here for my first skin allergy test . this place is nice ! everyone here is helpful and nice . all the staff answered ally crazy questions . i 'm so happy i found this place ...	1964
0	started out really great . i asked for a very well done pizza i made sure to tell more than one person so my order was correct . once i finally got my pizza it game out very underdone and extremely soggy . i could see this from just taking one look at my pizza . when i asked if they could cook my pizza more i was told `` we do n't do well done pizzas '' . also they were very rude when i asked to talk to the manager about the situation . all together this was a terrible experience for me and i will not return ... very disappointed .	282
1	sunday brunch is amazing ! delicious and vegetarian friendly and great service . def do the chef 's buffet with omelette bar . a bonus : the chef and the owner greeted everyone , and the owner brought his family for brunch too .	714
1	love love love ! this place blows paradise away . both kale salads are so delicious , fresh ingredients , the meat is all high quality ! the bread is fluffy . i wish there was a location closer to our house and my office . highly recommend using wildflower for catering and large parties . we order food for 20 people and it went perfectly ! the staff was very helpful and went above and beyond .	1387
0	the worst florists in the valley . 1-800-flowers franchise , just go anywhere but here .	38
1	lived here for two years and the only reason we moved out was to be closer to a job ( goodyear ) the staff is very helpful and the manager 's great ! i understand that the front office is held to it 's rules the company itself sets and the staff is merely the enforcers . with that being said , i feel as though if you proceed as your lease stipulates you will never have any issues and the front office will work with you to their ability to do so . i never once had a problem here ! compared to the new complex i live at , living here was a breeze ! i highly recommend !	2745
1	our first experience at an aloft and absolutely loved it ! staff were very friendly and helpful . the hotel was very neat , had a modern and trendy upscale vibe that we liked . the bar overlooked the river and we had a great view from our room . the room itself had everything we needed to be comfortable and we liked the decor ! i especially liked the bliss bath products . i could go on , but you get the idea . love the alofts !	3337
1	there is something different about this particular canadian tire in a really good way . the customer service is fantastic and the service centre operates like an independent shop would . they treat you personably and really work with you to keep your car in good working order . they have helped me out several times doing work fast and always finding ways to reduce my costs . they have proven to be quite trustworthy and treat you like a long term client not just a one-time customer .	2520
1	for a local pub , you ca n't go wrong ! appies are awesome ! good drink selection and on thursday the entire menu is half price ! good , fast and friendly service . comfortable atmosphere , we will be back !	3120
1	i have been coming here for a few months the food is consistent and pretty good i usually do take out place because it is in need of a renovation . so this review is based on the food alone	1203
1	busy place , but they took me rather quickly and the lady did a great job on my pedicure	1817
0	this restaurant has gone downhill in the past couple years . i used to love to sit at the chefs bar and interact . i had the boullibase and all of the seafood was over cooked and rubbery . the staff is running around without any real leadership . they need to hire a new executive chef that takes pride in seafood to manage this place . i wo n't be going back anymore , the cost is no longer justified .	603
1	signing up for an apartment here was easy and hassle free ! ventura was very helpful in getting my fiancé and myself set up . the apartment ventura showed us was very nice for the low rate . very excited to live at onnix !	3148
0	i recently booked this hotel by the pictures . it is in a very seedy part of town . when i arrived at the hotel there were two police cars in the parking lot arresting some transits . i am not sure of the business they were conducting or what they were arrested for . as for the hotel it was very dumpy and dirty . not kept up at all . the pictures do not tell the full story . lumpy pillows with questionable bedding . bad coffee and terrible breakfast . powered eggs ? the non smoking room smelled like a smoking room . i would avoid this place at all costs . stay somewhere else just not here .	1195
1	this place is overall fantastic . there is a hip diner atmosphere , the servers are always very attentive , and there are so many options for food ! there are several vegetarian and vegan options , for both breakfast and lunch/dinner . if you are ( or are n't ! ) a vegetarian , try the vegetarian hash or the meatless loaf of the gods . both are insanely tasty and huge !	975
1	this sephora is definitely smaller than any sephora i 've been to , but given that it 's in the city , i 'm not surprised . i got great service here the other day . my lady was super friendly and took the time to answer all of my questions and make sure i did n't have any further concerns . based on this kind of customer service , i 'll definitely be back ( had some unpleasant experiences at the sephora in ross park mall which left me almost in tears ! ) . the only downside is that they close at 7pm on several nights . i 'm guessing this is the trend for most places on walnut street though .	2574
0	it 's aug 25th at 12:56 . there 's a lady working the front register with the worst customer service . i understand we all have bad days but do n't go to work . when i went to the line she barely greeted me . my daughter started crying and she looked as if it was thing ever plucking her nerves . she took my mono as if she did n't want to touch it without even speaking and no have a nice day or goodbye .	3805
1	i do n't know what everyone 's talking about . i love this place ! very friendly and welcoming .	1659
1	a lot of negativity about this airline , maybe it is justified ... maybe not . i ca n't speak to that , i can only speak to how they have treated me and it has been great . i commute monthly between sanford and portsmouth and everyone is nice , friendly , informative and considerate to me . admittedly i had concerns after that 60 minutes piece , but i have not experienced those issues . i have flown on some old looking aircraft but those have since been replaced with new or remodeled planes . maybe their is a ton to bitch about , but i fly with them every month and have no complaints	3127
1	i got a massage package of 3 massages on groupon which was very affordable . i 've had massages by several different massage therapists there , but lisa was amazing ! ! probably best massage i 've had . especially if you like hard pressure massages .	2320
1	this family owned barbershop is an amazing asset to mesa , az . easy to find , reasonable prices , friendly knowledgeable barbers , clean shop and family friendly . they welcomed my family and i the moment we walked in , and made us feel comfortable . luis the owner is very professional , friendly , easy to talk to and has an eye for a good cut . i will definitely make that drive every time i need a haircut , beard trim , etc..	1551
0	do not go here ! ! ! unfortunately i bought a groupon from here with high hopes . first of all they do not take appointments , it is walk in only so after going twice and waiting almost an hour each time , i have n't even been able to get in for my third visit because they keep taking other patients in front of me who are there for `` injection only '' . once they have their money they do n't care about about you or your time . i am very unsatisfied with this place . what a waste of money and my valuable time .	2168
1	called around to a few different shops and found what i was looking for at aji . was a bit of a drive but when i got there i felt like the shop gave off a nice atmosphere . browsed around a bit before going to the main counter , they had what i had called about waiting for me . russ helped me out and was pleasant to talk to while forms were in progress . left with a very nice first impression , will definitely come back .	1183
1	i love this place ! i got everything for my sister-in-laws birthday party here ! their selection of balloons are incredible ! candles , place settings , balloons , birthday card and decorations ! smooth in and out . very organized and clean . i 'm very happy with my visit ! the checkout was fast and easy . i recommend stopping at this store for any type of party decorations ! also they have a ton of cute easter stuff ! lots of great stuff to make kids easter baskets and egg hunting !	1956
1	i recently moved and took my 8yr old car here for state inspections . everyone was very curteous and helpful . unfortunately my wiper motor and switch needed to be replaced and there was an issue with the part ordered from the dealership , but bba rented a car for me so i would n't have to be inconvenienced by the wait for the new part . i will definitely be back thanks to their great service .	3197
1	amazing service ! randy was actually walking away from the taco stand as i was walking up and he opened back up for me . he was super sweet and made three amazing tacos . i highly recommend socal tacos .	760
0	this was one of the worst hotel experiences of my life . it had the environment of a low income drop in center . the worst thing is i paid almost a hundred dollars a night over the standard rate through a third party website ... .left feeling very ripped off . stay clear !	1680
0	my daughter and her friend went shopping last night at forever21..the girls ( definitely not women or even professionals ) were rude and very unkind to my daughter and her friend . make very rude comments about their size..really ? ? ? i thought stores wanted to make money and get more people to shop in their store ... grow up girls..people come in all shapes and sizes..just because people are not a size 2 does not give you any right to be rude and nasty to them . will my young women ever shop there again or will i make a suggestion to shop at your store . dream on ! ! ! ! !	708
1	just went to sports clips for the first time it was awesome head and shoulder massage kobe was great ! if you have n't been to a sports clip it 's a great place to go comfortable atmosphere for a man and sports playing more could you want . never had a hairstylist spent so much time trim in my ears neckline around my ears it 's a true manicure of the the head ! ! is arnold would say i 'll be back	3025
0	this place just seemed to be mediocre to me . i just feel that if i am going to pay over $ 100 for dinner , it should be a memorable dinner . it just all seemed like something i could have had at a chain restaurant for a 1/4 of the cost . nothing really stands out in my head as exceptional , and that 's the problem . i would much rather spend my money at cure , or meat and potatoes , both much more amazing and memorable meals !	714
1	this place is a hidden gem- really give it a try . i come here regularly and have n't had a less than stellar experience yet . the food is delicious . the service is so good , i 've never met nicer management and servers . bill has been running the place since april and he makes it feel so cozy , it 's like a home away from home , with beer and burgers . i find there 's a lot of business at betty 's nearby , but when you want a quieter night , bistro 243 is just down the street and is perfect .	937
1	i had an amazing buy here in october of 2016 . i bought a toyota camry 2017 with the help of claudio escobedo . the sales associate was so helpful , organized , and not pushy at all like the dealership i had just come from . he really took his time answering all of my questions and giving me a feel for my future car . i really appreciate his professionalism and am still enjoying my camry today .	307
1	always quick and fresh . everything is delicious . i recommend the crab rangoon and fried rice .	1575
1	was contacted by jennifer , lenny 's daughter , in response to a concern i had on a recent visit , to remedy the situation in any way she could . that , my fellow yelpers , is what it 's all about ! and she and lenny 's will continue to earn my business . well done lenny and jennifer ! best wishes for continued success !	1461
0	you will be put to sleep . fyi . i was n't told . just so you are prepared . i had to pray as i laid on table . was afraid . rolle did n't speak to me staff was extremely rude and one girl that was in the room with me messed with her nose entire time . what doctor does not speak to someone they are doing surgery on and putting to sleep . i woke up and was near my car . he should only deal with animals . i bet some veterinarians even talk to the dogs they work on . never again	3203
1	i love this place ! whenever i need something in particular , i always hit up urban exchange by nordstroms rack first . the store is clean , styled super chic and the clothes are a-a-a-amazing ! ! prices are really reasonable too !	2002
0	wish i could give 0 rating . they do n't allow you to shop in the store with your purse pocketbook . you can bring your wallet in but that 's it . i 'm black . an asian women walked in behind me while i sitting in my car to look up another store and they told her she could put her bag in a locker hum mm wonder why i was not given that opportunity ? ? ? ? ! ! ! go to another store	1659
0	started out pretty well but as time went on pam the manager showed her true colors . stay away from this property she lets the maintenance man karl into all your business . he rarely does his job and will l only cleanup if he is specifically ordered to . she will con you into signing a lease that you have to give a 60 ! ! ! day notice that 's hidden in the lease . there are meth buildings on the either side of this property . please beware a man was murdered by the pool which they wo n't share . pam is someone who bears watching and do n't trust her period .	1909
0	the worst ... take your insurance business elsewhere . not responsive to our commercial policies.. accused me of being a `` liar '' ... unbelievably arrogant . if i could choose no stars that 's where his business ethics lie ...	2102
1	just visited today . they make it really easy to donate and also provide receipt slips for donation tax stuff . the donation port is in the back . you can just pull into the port and then put your donations into the bin . from what i remember , they really do have a lot of good stuff . i got a lot of my stuff from st vincent 's when i needed temporary kitchen ware for college . the selection and sales space can be very hectic and packed , but i do n't mind it .	2646
0	dude seriously ? i came here for a detail and my seats looked fantastic . they were like new . ( my car is pretty much brand new .. daughter made a mess : / ) however ... my console and dash were virtually untouched , as were the sides of my doors , my rear view mirror has spots all over it like it was sprayed and not wiped , as do my side mirrors . i complained about the lack of quality work and someone `` touched it up '' but it still looks crappy and i 'm not happy . i 'll just go back to craig road car wash. cheaper and waaaay better	2198
0	i get pedicures with one girl at this salon and she usually does a fantastic job . during my last visit i asked about sns nails and decided to try since i was about to leave on vacation for three weeks and it 's supposed to last about that long . terrible experience . the guy who helped me was critical and rude , gave me the totally wrong color ( i asked for white and he did barely-there pink , cut my finger when i specifically said to only push my cuticles , and to top it off , it 's been 6 days and my nail is already chipped . terrible experience-i 'm done with this place .	2197
0	overrated and overpriced . valid for a one time experience but that 's about it . the whole experience took over 2,5 hours . we were most of the time thirsty ( wine and water are not served as often ) , hungry ( there was a break of 40 min between appetizer and entree ) or annoyed . the food was okay but the dessert was gross : it tasted like frozen dessert and a bad quality tasteless ice cream . i expected way more paying a total bill of +150 for 2 people ( we had wine ) .	449
0	tell me why i 've been calling y'all since 7:30pm and it 's telling me to call during business hours ? why is it i call the other pep boys and goes through ? why are you guys the only one ? i would n't be complaining but y'all have my truck and i just want a simple update . but . y'all . already . put . the . automatic . machine . it 's not 8 dude . i 'm irritated	1778
0	still paying for the furniture -- after reading other reviews it appears mor furniture 's extended warranties are worthless and that they definitely do not stand behind their products . may i suggest choosing sam 's club or costco to purchase furniture ? they sell for mor better quality for mor less : ) ... as of 4/2018 furniture is just getting worse and worse . leather is peeling despite our best efforts to rarely use this furniture . giving up and going to american furniture warehouse ( great furniture by the way ) or sam 's club . because at least they will stand by what they sell .	1640
1	i do n't usually walk out from a barbershop and leave 100 % satisfied with my haircut but my boy jesus actually makes that happen ! i recommend you go and ask for jesus or make an appointment with him . i 'm walking out feeling and looking like mr. steal your girl lol	3469
1	i come to this mall to purchase all of my clothes for work and otherwise . i even purchase all of my eye glasses and do most of my christmas shopping at this mall . the prices are n't insane like scottsdale fashion square but it 's not full of trashy clothing stores like metro mall either . i can actually come here and buy suits for work or gowns for dinner but still run over and buy running shoes and gear . i 've never had any issues or complaints about this mall and overall i 'm pretty happy .	2815
0	i am adding to steve g. 's review . do not take your credit card if you go here . i suggest you do n't go here to begin with , but if you do and do n't want to part with vast amounts of money through means that i wo n't go into here , do n't have a credit card on your person , or any type of bank card for that matter . also , make sure that you are never alone here .	1779
1	great prices during their `` big bottle weekend '' and the flavors are pretty good as well .	2839
0	i understand the need for a no show policy , and with some exception , a late cancellation fee . i went to bed with congestion and woke up with a fever . i called as soon as swina answered the phone in the morning and was told that i would be charged a fee . i had hoped for an exception as i was a several times repeat client with no previous cancellations . i also did not want to get anyone else sick . it was a no-go with the person answering the phone and there was no one else who could help me . should i have gone in anyway ? for a procedure that requires close contact ?	1701
1	very satisfied . i was a bit skeptical due to some of the bad reviews but i had a groupon for an ultrasound and decided to give it a try . im happy i did , our baby refused to show her face in the first ultrasound so after trying for about 10 minutes the ultrasound tech rescheduled us for the following day at no extra charge . her name is evelyn , she was extremely patient , kind , and knowledgeable . had a wonderful experience , went the following day and got my pictures and videos . will recommend . my wait time was about 20-30mins but i think it was worth it .	3313
0	bad service . horrible selection.. charged me more one time and less the other . guess u have to know them . i would not go here ever again . horrible customer service and price fluctuation in the items they sell.. any other smoke shop is your better bet	3746
0	i do not know how this mall is keeping the doors open . every time i go there is another retailer who has left . and the shops that have gone in are retailers from other countries with merchandise that is irrelevant to who shop there . sad as i remember when this mall was built and have lots of childhood memories there . not sure why this mall is struggling when there is definitely a lot of neighborhoods surrounding it .	2815
1	concierge service is great at this place ! ! ! i lost a gift card that had $ 100 on it . the concierge helped me get it back and fast too ! ! !	2979
0	products are cheap and do n't last . any sale they have goes out of stock almost immediately . service is rude and return policy is terrible .	2520
0	for food i would rate this as place below zero . place was pretty busy on a sunday evening ... .soggy perogies dripping with oil . store bought doritos and salsa that had more juice than bites of actual salsa ? ! stew , lacked spice ( including salt and pepper ) but had serious potential . live music was awesome just eat before you go and do n't expect your drinks to be replinished much : (	2956
1	my wife and i were greeted warmly and were seated immediately , our food took a bit longer but i must say well worth the wait at the end . lomo saltado and bistek apanado are my favorite . could not be more satisfied , and its not too far away from where i live .	927
1	i enjoyed the little terace , ordered the burrito and michelada style beer . very good beer w strong lime spices and a salted rim , best burrito i have had in awhile , filling and not messy , no greasy slop dripping all over your plate or falling apart . service was great and this place had the best water , i know it sounds stupid but ice cold water with ice cubes in a very big glass is key on a hot day , better than small shitty cups of warm water which never gets refilled , its the little things , cheers le cactus .	337
1	it 's convenient and the food is ok . i had a visitor from vietnam who really liked it , but he may have been just being nice . not nearly the best but passable and quick .	205
1	this place is a tourist trap nothing special however good for hanging out with family or friends . there are a few good chain restaurants there like texas de brazil , hard rock cafe . there is a water feature here that the kids love watch it plays music while the water moves . overall ok hang out spot	3152
0	i would not recommend . i went for gel acrylics . i got the chrome nail polish and it started bubbling and peeling hours after , i went back the next day to get them fixed . another gal fixed them , but cut my skin instead of the cuticle and it started bleeding bad . the next day it turned into an infection and the polish is coming off again . overall it is obviously not sanitary there and will never go back . i hope this infection can be taken care of at home .	1834
0	horrible service-weird lady ( wendy ? ) . laughed when i told her she was rude . they came out to give a quote on my fountain-wanted to charge $ 250 for a quote ( you can use it for the work ) . did n't show up when they were booked . walked into my courtyard without ringing the bell or announcing themselves . overall , all staff i dealt with was unprofessional .	1987
0	the doctor i saw here was very nice and informative . i had a surgery scheduled last year that i had to cancel 24 hours in advance due to a family emergency . it is now several months later and i have left four messages to the surgery scheduler with no return phone call . now i am going to go to an orthopedic foot specialist for the surgery and that is fine by me since after all , i ca n't have any complications . as unprofessional as this experience was i am grateful to be going to an m.d . for the operation so in actuality they did me a favor .	1795
1	we have had nothing but a great experience at redemption . the doctors and staff that we have dealt with have been incredibly professional and helpful . we have received personal attention for any issue , big or small .	1541
0	we ordered salads , with dressing on the side . what we received seemed more like wilted , almost steamed and left out lettuce , drenched in dressing . since it was take out , we assumed some sort of mistake had been made , as the staff seemed distracted , but very friendly when we went pick it up . we were told that was what we had ordered and no attempt was made to rectify the situation . we will not return .	1325
0	do not take your car here ! ! ! ! i have taken my navigator 3 times to this dealer . every time i get it back there is something else is wrong and they never fix the original problem . the manager is unprofessional and unwilling to work with you . he is a nasty person not trustworthy and unwilling to do anything to help you . i paid over $ 3000 to get my car fixed and it is still not running . these are the worst people to deal with and will rip you off ! .. the service manager is arrogant and a complete idiot in my opinion and he sure does n't know what he 's doing !	3788
0	i was so excited to try this place but i had literally the worst meal i 've ever paid for , the chile verde benny that looked like soup and the only flavor was the lime i squeezed into the soup . i will say that maybe this was a fluke because all the other dishes coming out looked delicious . waitress said that this was how the dish was supposes to be and unwilling to admit an obvious failure of a dish . when you have no hollandaise sauce and you have to scoop your eggs out of flavorless soup with a fork , i dont know how you get away with calling that a $ 17 benedict .	57
0	this place service is so slow ! the time they operate their patients , taking so long ! im here from 12:44 pm until now 2:13 pm just got call to see the doctor.. so disappointed ! im here just to get antibiotic prescribe from the doctor and i take almost 1 and an half hour	2517
0	i will never go to this place again they 're prices are outrageous . i went to pick up crickets i go there all the time . this time around not one person said hello , not one person asked if i needed help i waited 30 minutes . they 're customer service stinks . 1 male manager the rest are all young girls .	1894
0	looked forward to visiting this new restaurant . the food was horrible . hash browns were uncooked , white mess . my crepe was so hard i could n't eat it . told our waitress and she was nice , but the meal should have been redone or for free . not the way to open a new place .	672
1	very good service and quality i got my wedding dress cleaned here and it was lost . accidents happen everywhere , however this place managed my issue very seriously , was very compassionate and went out of their way to find my dress . they assured me my dress will be paid for if not found ( it was very expensive couture dress worth thousands ) . the other cheaper places would of never paid for my dress ! lucky for me- my precious dress was found ! they took care of me with free cleaning . been coming here for years and never had any other issues !	861
0	the second saturday every month , we have a group for breakfast . i have to say that this past saturday has soured me as well as several others . one person waiting on our group brought wrong meals , late meals and extremely poor service . the table that i was sitting at , 2 of them got meals on time , but - mine did n't come until just about everyone was leaving and it was wrong . 10 minutes later mine finally arrived . several of the party finally got disgusted and left after their meals were wrong and did n't want to wait another half hour to be served . i 'll still attend the breakfast , but will only order coffee .	1029
1	it 's cheap . can i really give this place a one star review because people do n't know how to park at a pump or pump gas quickly ? honestly , no matter which gas station you go to you are going to have those problems . this gas station is easy to get to , organized , and clean -- so 5 stars ! if it makes anyone feel better , i used to get costco gas back home in la and would wait in a line five cars deep to get gas . i go to this sam 's and i only had one car in front of me . did i mention it 's cheap ?	2172
1	love the slush . great flavors and i 'm addicted to them . going to make a list and get one each day . half price happy hour on them from 2 - 5 daily .	994
1	rent from jack ! ! ! after hours of struggling with their competition , he immediately realized my frustration and delivered accordingly . staff is friendly , jack is awesome and the car was great . process was simple , without a prior reservation and without aggressive upselling .	3129
1	i really like mountainside fitness . i do the classes and the instructors are helpful and encouraging . the staff is nice and there is a good variety of activities . i like the peak performance , tabata and yoga classes . i have always found the gym clean and my nephew likes the childcare center . the idea of gyms always made me uncomfortable but everyone is friendly and i 've made friends here .	2699
0	second time we bought an old cake . they sell it as fresh , full price , $ 30 ! ! it was partly frozen and has an old taste ! i will never buy it again at this store !	3874
0	juice is not high quality . it is advertised as 80/20 but viscosity is much thicker than that . my vape would not wick the juice and just burned up the coil . when i spoke to an employee about my concerns he had little to say . will not be returning .	3351
1	nice car wash . it 's a car wash , not a resort . do n't have some unrealistic expectation for a car wash , lol . pull in , pay quickly , drive thru . use the free vacuums . it 's a self service car wash .	1790
0	copy machines not working or out of paper . slow nonchalant attitude amongst staff . will avoid this place in the future .	2022
0	first time and last burger was okay . nothing special . cheese sticks were n't cooked all the way . sides were smaller than the pictures on web site .	1046
0	meh . spent $ 25 on a car wash and they missed a whole bunch of spots . completely skipped the center console , cup holder ( which i cleaned out for them to wipe down but they did n't ) . left a stinky red towel on the seat . i do n't smell the car freshener that i paid for either . wish i could take my tip back . never coming back .	127
0	the food is good and the layout is nice with all the tvs for sports fans . i like that they have a pool and darts area , but it was bit crowded if both are going on at once . the service here is the worst . the people who work there are pretty clearly uninterested in serving you and they do n't hide it . i will never be back .	788
0	dr diep is a bad doctor , when i ask more questions , he said : '' oh my god ... or oh i ca n't believe.. '' .so rude.but i said nothing , because i do n't want to talk with a crazy guy . i want to tell him that he needs to be patient to his patients.he 's so crazy ! ! !	3349
0	service was slow , food was cold . i asked for a manager to complain about the food , the server came back out and said the manager told him to resolve it . the server was new and had only been there for 2 weeks . although , the manager replaced the food the service was terrible . therefore , i will not return to this location .	1558
1	great clean salon . everyone is friendly and personable . prices are very reasonable . highly recommend !	3682
1	awesome place , i have been here a few times and they have always provides great quality meds along with great customer service . my experience with wax here has been good i tried the granddaddy purple in blueberry flavor and it did not disappoint . edibles have always been a1 and i especially enjoy the elixirs they have .	1375
1	service is great - the ladies are nice , personable and funny . they always do a great job on my nails . they have a wide selection of gel polish and color and are really artistic if you wanted something extra on your mani/pedi . love going to get my nails done here	2035
0	busy sat . promise time was after an hour and 45 mins . out in 2 hrs and 30 mins ... only bec i had to complain that nothing was being done on my car while inside bay area . told them i 'll take care of yelp review ... whoa ... lo and behold car done in 5 mins ! ! ! !	3158
1	i really do n't understand how anyone could not like this place . it 's fun and tasty . beer list is great , hot dog options awesome and the vibe is laid back . will be back .	1407
1	i 'll give them 4 stars because they got the job done ... docking one star because it was n't in a very timely manner . but then again , i have n't found a `` timely manner '' tire shop since i left he northwest and the ever reliable les schwab . the warranty is great on their tires and everyone was nice enough . just please do n't say and hour to an hour and a half ... then tell me after 2.5 hours that it 's almost done , would i like to wait and get the alignment check still or come back another day . hey , at least they gave me an oil change coupon for the hassle !	2146
0	i have n't been in yet because every time i have scheduled to get my wedding dress altered , they push back my date ! ! my wedding is in less than 2 months ( very short engagement ; fiance is in the air force ) & i 've expressed that to the staff , the lady on the phone says `` you 'll be fine . '' really ? they have n't even seen my dress yet ... i go in tomorrow , i 'm hoping my experience in person is better than what i 've recieved over the phone . not impressed so far .	3737
1	i am new to vaping and the guys at red star was very helpful and the customer service is awesome ! shoutout to dustin and greg ( employees ) , thanks fellows !	1747
0	went in for an oil change and to get a headlight bulb changed out . was quoted $ 1200 because apparently so many other things were wrong with the car . we took it elsewhere and got everything we required done for $ 34	2084
1	i 've been shopping here since it was in the union , and i have to admit , it 's new location is even better ! the store is gorgeous and all the ladies who work there are professional , helpful and very sweet . they all go above and beyond to help you find what you 're looking for . they keep you informed of new arrivals and i 've even had a purchase brought to me at work ! this place is not only my favorite place to shop for myself , but it 's perfect to find unique gifts for girlfriends and kids . the owner and all the ladies at the store know what they 're doing !	776
0	food not good customer service so bad never comeback the guy is cooking so so lack of politeness when talking to guests	1028
1	jenny brown handled my haircut like a boss ! so you get free shampooing with a haircut , and since she used to be a massage therapist it was relaxing . she clarified what i wanted and was friendly . jenny did an awesome blowout to top it all off ! i even asked for my bangs to be a little shorter and she did n't disappoint ! if you need a haircut , color , or a good blowout , i strongly recommend asking for jenny brown	2899
0	disappointing to say the least . service was subpar ; food was overcooked ; the waiter brought us the bill minutes after serving our desserts . we will not come here again . not recommended .	785
1	this store is humongous ! ! it has a wide variety of hunting and fishing gear , accessories , and more ! in addition , they have activities such as archery and a gun range inside ! please open up a store in hawaii ! most of the things we purchased , we would have to purchase online back in hawaii . my husband went crazy in this store haha . the parking lot was super interesting . instead of lines , there were fishes .	2601
1	went to east valley music center because i thought my guitar strings sounded weird . lonny helped me and was so nice ! ! ! ! he tuned it up and helped me out very much ! ! thank you : )	3886
1	my first time at this theater and it was really nice inside minus the fact that u are assigned seats and we got the wrong seats.. the chairs recline and the leather is so soft.. we saw the incredibles 2 movie . i would n't have sat in line to purchase tickets if i knew u had to purchase them at the concession stands .	491
1	easily put , a way better alternative to filiberto 's when craving late night mexican food . they have a wide range of the typical mexican fast food and drinks .	763
0	i got 2 teri bowls to go today ate there 2xs this week teri bowls had that teriyaki smell wanted my daughter to try it took less than 5 min to cook wow that was fast that was the worst did n't have the teri smell the meat had no taste you could taste the after meat taste felt sorry for my daughter because it was done half ass i guess that 's what happens when the cooks are hispanics would not recommend for almost $ 20 for 2 bowls that fricken food better taste like i went to korea the worst after taste	435
0	they do not treat there employees right . they make them use the the porta potty outside as well as the customers . they do have a restroom but it 's only 4 him and the girls . danny never comes out and greet his fans the food at his restaurant is not that great ! ! he has a meet and greet at the restaurant and that 's the only time ppl go ! !	2978
1	i always come here for watch and jewelry repairs ! i 've even had some items engraved here ! very honest and knowledgable people ! great prices and workmanship .	2064
0	i usually go to the one in crown royale but today i did a pit stop at the one inside planet hollywood . there 's 3 cashiers which makes the line go by faster . we got the chick with the black hair , bettie page looking bangs with blue eyes and some dark green nails . honestly ... .she was a bitch . she looks like she 's so god damn bored out of her mind that she starts answering you rude . so i began to answer her rude too , paid and screw the tip and left . i 'll just make the trip to crown royale like old times sakes	2528
0	stay away ! they showed me an apartment , told me the rental rate , and then once i paid for the credit check and made the non-refundable deposit , they changed the price to $ 200 higher per month . i called the corporate office and they did not even try to resolve it . oven living = rip off .	983
0	this jcpenney is n't the greatest . it really lacks selection and does n't carry all the brands as other ones do . it also does n't carry southpole shoes and the people that work here do n't know what they are doing .	223
1	very professional and quick service from these ladies ! they 're always able to accommodate walk inside and the ladies are quick and thorough . in and out in under 40 minutes and it looks great .	1971
0	i came to get my belly piercing here and not even a day later it was red and irritated . it became super infected and i know how to care for belly piercings . i 'm not sure what they did or if they clean their rings but thanks a lot . 75 $ bucks for nothing .	665
0	starbucks has become a dismal abyss that sucks money from my wallet while delivering a worse and worse product every time . i have been a customer for years , and i frequent starbucks multiple times a week . after today ... .this has to be the final straw ! i ordered a dirty chai , which had to be made twice . it was pretty much ice and milk . no flavor , not the right ratio of anything . the cup was all sticky , and leaking all over me , my car , my clothes ! no napkin offered . just gross ! not worth $ 6 or another cent ever again ! there was n't even a line ! i 'm done .	2849
0	took my best friend here for tonsillitis , absolutely horrible service ! ! ! waited over 3 hours and still never got put in a room ! the two nurses lindsey and amy were very rude ! ! ! ! they need to learn to have compassion for patients that are in pain ! ! ! kendal was very sweet , they need to learn from her how to treat patients ! ! ! ! !	3131
0	very , very unacceptable service at the auto service part only . took 2 hours longer than they said , missed a piece on my replaced tires , which i have to go back and get in traffic for 45 minutes . and when i called to notify and complain about my predicament , the staff was very rude and dismissing , mockingly stating that they will fire the employee . currently , i 'm in the process of complaining to the general manager . i will never come to this store again , and i would advise to stay clear of a place that does n't value customer satisfaction .	2520
1	excellent store . this is by far the best goodwill store in the area . there is lots of inventory and it is nicely organized . lots of great deals . karen signed us up for the vip program , which allows us to find out about sales early , allows us in the store before normal hours , and gave us a $ 5 coupon . we will definitely be back to this location .	1940
1	last time i stayed here , the staff was great . they moved us up in floor , gave us a better room and they were just pleasant to deal with . it 's a great location and super convenient to go shopping and out to eat . if you venture further out , the cab fare is n't too bad either .	1690
1	great prices big stores but a bit messy i was there looking for few items and most are cheapsbut it is not a great place for electronics stuff their electronics stuff are expensive and not recommending buying these stuff there	3721
1	as i like to call it , its f-ing easy . i had a bbq the other day and bought up some of the 50 % off items since i knew i would be cooking them the same day . 4 burgers , 4 drumsticks , and 4 hot dogs , all for a couple bucks . it fed 6 people . by far the cheapest f-ing easy bbq ever . another thing that is great is that quick automated checkouts . also check your mail for coupons !	3392
1	amazing food ! had the roasted vege wrap and the lentils soup , simply amazing . im actually from montreal and everytime im in to , ravisoups is a must !	59
1	great experience ! technician came out diagnosed problem and fixed it . highly recommend	3266
0	came here last night this movie theater is so dirty , from the floors to the bathroom to the walls , and the chairs inside , carpet was nasty also.. but they was the only one showing the movie i wanted to see.. so i had to come here.. but never again ... my small drink was 6 $ it was just a mess..	2450
0	i had a tiramisu here and it was good . not excellent but good . i also had a key lime tart . now that was disgusting . you feel like you are eating raw butter . nope , for the price , there are better places . skip it .	1234
0	after driving for 4 hrs we decide to go here as it use to me a fav when we lived her years ago ... . soooo sorry we did ! the hostess forgot us sat everyone that came in before and after us ... then finally after we ask what 's going on , the stick us in a freakin small booth out of the way and completely ignore us . so we leave as we do n't want our food spit in ... and walking out the punk kid pulls attitude ... do not go here ! ! ! ! horrible service and customer appreciation . 0 stars if i could ! ! !	1367
1	great place to find nice clothes at a reasonable price i have gone to different ross in the past and this one is the only one i like because they got cuter clothes and shoes the only thing i did n't like is that they do n't have the many cashiers and times is very valuable to waste it waiting in a line so if they would open a cash register as soon as the line gets long . i 'm sure it would make every body happy so unless they change that i will only give them 4 stars	10
1	shout out to dan and vivid racing ! super easy transaction , great products , great service . kept me up to date on all items . tuning of my car took a little longer than expected but the shop was super informative and accommodating , so i have no issue whatsoever , it was the first time they were tuning my type of vehicle . on that note , i like how they are ever expanding their product line-up . everyone else i know who has purchased products and services from this shop has had the same experience as mine ! if you need great products and services , this is your spot !	978
0	they said las vegas is 24 hour city right but they do n't realized that it is also 24 hour construction all over the city they put orange cones all over the city but no body working what 's real going on with this construction cones all over the city	315
1	the small footprint seems to allow them to have reasonable pricing and the best service i have ever received in buying appliances . see doris ! she has great product knowledge , communication skills , research skills and hand held me through some very difficult manufacturer issues . just a pleasure to deal with !	1886
0	ordered the jerk wings and plantains and they were beyond mediocre . could 've gotten better wings at wing stop honestly . the plantains were about $ 5 for 4 ... ..which is crazy and they were very crispy . a friend ordered the salsa verde chicken enchilada and the chicken was really dry . definitely felt like a waste .	1358
0	things have definitely changed . i was going to this car wash for the past 7 months and have great service . i drive a lifted chevy and expect to be charged $ 2 oversized fee . i went today , had someone new and wanted to charge me $ 5 oversized fee . i explained that i come 2x/per week and only ever get charged $ 2 . i asked for the manager . the owner actually came over and said it was $ 5.. i explained . he was a douche and did n't care what i had to say . i wo n't be back . bummer.. greed will kill you .	2359
0	i went here for lunch on saturday ( yesterday ) there was an older man serving us i had gotten home from work at 5 am the night before and therefore i was very tired , no makeup and had a sweater on ... once he took our order , i asked if i could add pancetta on my pasta- this man had the audacity to say to me 'did you bring money with you ? ' with an attitude , and chuckled ... ... ... . i dont think i need to say much more . pasta was pretty crap as an addition , very watery rather than creamy , lacked flavour . not coming back .	440
1	kyle was my niece and nephew 's host for their birthday party today : ) he is awesome ! ! ! besides his awesome customer service , the whole experience itself was definitely so much fun for all ages !	1095
1	came here with a group of friends a few weeks back on a saturday evening . the place was quite empty to be honest but the service was great . me and my hubby shared a large bowl of the ninja poké , oh my days , it was amazing , it was sort of like a deconstructed sushi roll but with super fresh ingredients and the salmon was superb . the wasabi peas added such a nice touch with a crunch . i 'm definitely going to enjoy the next time i come .	309
0	this place is usually a great place to get a burger but maybe they were off their game or the cook was a different person . the burger i had today was terrible , and the fries over salted , not to mention the guy handing me my burger , gave me the coldest look . sad to say , i wo n't be returning .	1461
0	truly poor customer service . i tried to drop off a couple of items to recycle that were listed on the website of items that they take and i could n't get past the entrance when the greeter said they do n't take them . i just turned around and walked out even though i planned on looking at a new printer . a few days later , i was near the tempe store and they gladly took my recycled items with no questions asked .	3192
1	omg talk about great friendly service ! ! did n't feel a thing and was done in 30mins : ) hands down the best dentist ive been 2 in years ! !	2368
0	service was terrible . granted it was a friday night but knowing it will be busy you would expect the service to be on point . the waitress was sweet but could not provide any info about certain things on the menu . sisig fries was a disappoint . a whole bunch of fries and barely sisig . fries were dry and our waters was n't servers after 25 mins . turon , was another item is have to ad to the list of disappoint . was not made properly . the music was way too loud and the smoke machine was terrible idea while people eat . i will not go here ever again .	817
1	i come here to drop off my rent check . i never have a very long wait , and the tellers are very helpful . for this type of transactions this branch seems very good .	2760
0	here it is 4 years later and they continue to be the worst of all the other walmarts . popular items are never in stock and sometimes they no longer stock them so you have to go another location anyway . they need new management .	3825
1	i love this place ... .great food and great service . the decor is really beautiful and they even built phone charging stations under the bar .	1105
1	took my gf here for a cold . vanessa was very friendly and helpful . she made my gf feel comfortable during the sign in process . staff and facility is a+ . thank you .	2517
0	first off , the staff ( not sure if it was the owner but i will assume so ) were extremely nice . very friendly and welcoming . though the pizza was sooooo greasy it was pouring off it..and the crust was so thin i could hardly pick it up . pretty disappointed as they 're only down the street from my grandfathers house .	773
1	this is a fun location ! has great flavors i love to mix and match , and has super fun fixins i love expirimenting with ! if your sweet tooth is getting the best of you , i recommend stopping in for a frozen treat .	1184
1	this is my second review . for some reason yelp did not post my first review . felt i should add a picture this time . : ) place is awesome for business , stay . lori , sharry and phil . my best wishes always from my family to you !	2818
1	came in at about 10 am on a monday so i missed the morning rush , service was excellent and donuts seemed pretty fresh ! shout-out to the cashier named mikey ( kind of looks like a mexican version of the weekend ) who took the time to ask how our day was going and having a small conversation . overall great experience !	1774
1	drinks were sugary sweet and very limited but for the $ 14 groupon for two drinks we are absolutely not complaining . got a strawberry mango mix which taste incredible in this vegas dry heat !	1071
1	cream filled donut holes . need i say more ?	3137
0	went there for glasses ... .. $ 750 ... ... . went to costco , same frames ... . $ 229 and better lenses	3501
0	the staff absolutely does not care one bit about the kids . the staff put my daughter in a car with a complete stranger and would n't let her call me . when i talked to the owner he just said so what do you want me to do about it . absolutely no sense of safety . a police report was filed .	1427
1	a city dedicated to luxury- scottsdale really does have it all ... fabulous shopping , great dining , resorts & spas for golfing & pampering , and of course a great nightlife . the city is pristine with gorgeous views of desert life . although the people of can come off a bit superficial , it 's all what makes scottsdale alluring and give it it 's appeal .	2475
0	this place is still trying to figure itself out . the decor is simple , so it made me think they must be saving all of the excitement for the food . i ordered chicken tinga and some pork tacos . the meat in both tacos was pretty decent , but the tortillas were too oily . i suggest frying the tortilla longer or just grilling them ? i 'd love to give them a second try , perhaps to try one of their specialty dishes .	190
1	best buy used to be one of my favorite techie stores . however , i do n't have one close to my house like i used to so i only get in here once in a while . that being said , even though we 've moved to an online-buying society , it 's still nice to have stores where you can play with and touch products before purchasing them .	494
0	abuelo 's is like a toned-down chi-chi 's , or about what you 'd expect from a strip mall restaurant . our server was a pro and the corn chips were light and tasty , but most of the food was slimy and bland . this is a good destination for a big , rowdy family because there is plenty of room for kids and the menu is very un-affronting american . it 's a shame that this chain-style of restaurant dominates the dining landscape of our country .	1094
1	alex has been cutting my hair for quite sometime . the experience is always great and he and his team always maintain a professional attitude . highly recommend making an appointment ! !	3469
0	this is my first year participating in arizona to sell clothing , just wandering how busy its goona be in there ? ? ? little worried , can any one reply me ? ?	2076
0	i would be shocked if junk king ever responded . i received a quote in writing and then confirmed everything over the phone . junk king quoted $ 116- $ 168 . the actual cost came in at $ 368 . i do n't blame the private contractor - i blame junk king . they bait you with a low estimate and then you get nailed with the truth . the guys who picked up the furniture were friendly . the burn is with the people answering the phones . i will not use junk king again . king of bs .	3663
1	i 'm impressed ! daughter from ca had a tranny breakdown . found this dealer and met service writer tyler . he did exactly what he promised and got her on the road home ... with a new transmission ... in 24 hours . and the best news is he checked for a warranty and there was no charge . she thought her warranty was expired . thanks tyler ! i 'm impressed !	394
0	dishonest . here 's the catch : they charge a minimum of $ 39.95 for any size prescription and they do not tell the public this upfront . i found out the hard way that the same medication at walgreens is $ 11.00 ( yes , you can get meds for your pets at walgreens and other pharmacies . ) i was told by supervisor summer that i had no recourse after i made the purchase , even though they claim to have a guarantee . they give away little cat & dog toys to make you think they are nice but beware , they are robbing the public .	2827
0	horrible experience ! was looking through the jewelry section and my boyfriend and i had all eyes on us like we were going to steal something . after waiting for 10 minutes we finally got some help from a really nice lady that in no means thought like the rest of them . was going to purchase a bracelet , but after being felt like i was being watched decided to walk out . have never felt so discriminated before . they get one star for that one persons that was nice enough to help us out !	3133
0	the ladies who work up front were very courteous and helpful . however we went to purchase a trailer hitch and have it installed . we were told it was going to take 30 minutes and it took over two hours . there was one car they were working on when we got there but even after that car was completed and left it took another hour for our car to be done .	1877
1	this is the new hot spot ! hubby & i have been here a few times already & each time we have been impressed . great food , great service . the ambiance is very hip and sleek . the avocado toast & grilled cheese sandwich with tomato soup hit the spot last sunday . this new restaurant has been slammed since its opening , we are excited to try more dishes & cocktails .	1331
1	val is amazing , got my order right and super friendly and well put together for work ! val if you see this you rock and you deserve a raise or something cause you 're the best ! definitely will come back just for this employee . thanks for your genuine smile and attitude !	3703
1	great service ! i got the farmhouse breakfast sandwich and it was great . i 'd definitely come back again .	3571
0	i hate to say it but i agree with the other users . the cupcakes we received from a groupon were very bland , small , and not up to par with grocery store cakes or cupcakes .	3170
0	i went to david 's asking for an ash blonde balayage and they assured me they could do it - i ended up with super streaky hair with white highlights . i looked like a witch ! ! i noticed this with a lot of the other customers too - there was no transition in the colour . because my natural hair colour is black , it looked ridiculous ! the only reason why i 'm giving this review a 2 instead of 1 is because mary was super kind .	804
0	im not going to lie , this place is nice . its a nice resort . very clean and tidy and well put together , convenient snack shop , nice pool ( even though the lazy river was empty ) and nice beds/pillows but terrible customer service	1057
1	had a great experience here at the green regime . i 'm from out of town looking for my juice fix and the staff was friendly helpful ! love this place !	1422
1	clam was good and hearty after eating a bowl ( $ 8 ) i was full , i did n't have much space for the shrimp jambalaya we ordered . i 'm glad me and my husband shared . overall great service , very attentive and our server cookie was a sweetheart	1255
1	ive had a variety of levels of service here . a few times service was so slow or no existent that i sat at the table and had no service and left along with other tables around me . that being said , ever since i brought it up with management it has improved . the last few visits went so smoothly , nice food and everyone was quick , efficient and i did n't even think if leaving at anytime . in addition , the manager was apologetic for the service issues and encouraged me to come back .	1187
0	very , very expensive . good service but overpriced . i would have been better off going to a local mom & pop company . their service calls are at a premium .	3913
0	this tap haus has 60 taps , almost entirely craft beers ( several faux crafts like blue moon ) . open room , mixed atmosphere of wealthy cave creek old folks and bikers in harley black leathers . service was atrocious . dirt parking though , meh . food is american meat focus on steak , chicken , fish plus a lot of fried apps . update : had to leave bar without being served - after given menu , was ignored by bartender after numerous passes and a raised hand ... and it was n't busy at all .	211
0	such a horrible job with the car wash . inside and out completely dirty . i could have saved my money . came home and re-did myself . never going back	2198
1	nice bistro menu . loud , pub / sports bar atmosphere , but certainly tolerable . had a prime steak - best cut of meat i 've had in months ! well prepared , well served . sides were good as well . great meal - just make sure you do n't go in thinking price range is the same as applebees .	1538
0	solid gym ... .but the parking situation is an absolute nightmare . the morons that run the garage block the entrance even when they are multiple spots open . it 's beyond frustrating when i go to the gym and ca n't workout because the garage is `` full . '' if they could improve this - and also allow longtime members the ability to reduce their cost ( why am i paying $ 40 and i constantly see offers for $ 20 ? ) then i 'd probably stay a member	2338
0	unfortunately , did not have an opportunity to see a provider . i made an appointment in advance with the nurse practitioner , only to find out on the day that they did not have me on their schedule . apparently the appointment schedulers did not follow normal protocol . the staff did not try to work with me , to fit me in their schedule within a reasonable time frame . i hope that you have a better experience .	2442
1	salon zen has talented stylist ! everyone is friendly and helpful . ii love my hair	2340
0	very disappointed with the food , day old potatoes , old fruit ... .stay away . our server was nice ( maud ) .	243
1	this was our first time here and really enjoyed the street tacos . great service and salsa ! came late at night and they were very accommodating . food was hot and fresh . definitely will be back .	320
0	i came with my friend and was expecting a good time . after i engaged the bartender and expressed i had been waiting 15 minutes for a beer he said ' i 'm working overtime '	2494
1	love love love the cupcakes , lemonade is my favorite ! they did a custom baby shower cake for my daughters baby shower .	2507
1	took my daughter to this location to look at flower girl dresses . all of the associates were very helpful and kind . kim , the owner was their and exceptionally helpful and knowledgeable . the prices were great also . i also went to david bridal and did n't have as good of an experience as here . i would highly recommend this store !	1298
1	this business is under new ownership for approximately two months , so i decided to give it a try . i was pleasantly surprised ! i was greeted by valerie at the front desk , and then immediately by her husband , roberto , the new owners . they both make you feel as if they already know you ; genuinely nice and friendly . roberto took me into the back and showed me exactly what was wrong with my vehicle . the work was completed in a very timely fashion and the pricing was more than fair . i feel extremely lucky to have found such caring and honest people !	1069
0	why is this place so popular ? the sandwiches are nothing special and for what you get are overpriced . the only plus is the free wifi .	251
1	this place is great ! always greeted with a smile robin and her sister are just the nicest people , love shopping there . the selection is wonderful .	1987
1	i have utilized plumbsmart 3 times and have had a great experience . the dispatch keeps tremendous records of previous work and i have consistently had the same technician , glenn . glenn does a great job of explaining what the problem is and fixing it quickly . every time he has worked on a project i have been pleased . he has always cleaned up the mess , which is very important . it is hard to find a good plumber and i finally have found one !	1975
0	blown away by bad service ! my friend and i set up a test ride the day before . we arrived on time and stood around the show room for 45 minutes and not one person bothered to ask us if we needed anything . wow ! this would never happen at a harley davidson dealership . i ca n't imagine how bad the service is after you 've purchased a bike .	3644
0	visited the site to try and purchase kielbasa but could n't find an order site and no one responded to my message .	2794
1	this was by far one of the highlights of our trip . we showed up just in time to join a tour which was awesome . brett , wayde , and agnus were kind enough to pose for pics with us . they made us feel welcome despite being busy . if you are a fan definitely pay for the tour it is worth it .	2440
0	i am homeless and car less because of this company . i ordered a part for my car 10 weeks ago and every time i call the sales rep tells me the infimous simone will call me back with an update . never have recieved that call and part has not been shipped and it seems to be ny job to constantly call them ... but i still am sitting here wondering wtf is going on . they rely on outsourcing to other companies to nake the sale . i feel like cancelling my order and getting my $ 2000 back so i can eat and regroup..mayve buy a bicycle	978
1	little-known secret : 121 fitness has a massage room and if you 're a member , especially a student member , massages are a great deal ! sherri , specifically , is a really good masseuse who does a great job with stressed-out , work-bunched shoulders .	1984
1	do not trust anyone else in the city with one of the most important tools in your kitchen . your knives . i have sent my knives here twice and each time i have had fabulous customer service , quality `` repair '' and fast turnaround . i take my wusthof , global and even my cheapy top chef ( master cutlery ) brand knives here . the service is the same all around the cheapies or not !	2927
1	i 've used bill 's on numerous occasions for key duplications , and changing locks ; fairly straightforward stuff . on my last visit they blew my mind . i needed a key for my 1990 saab 900 . bill 's had the saab specific key blanks , which were no longer made . then they manually cut a key based on a code that i got from the dealer ( who could n't get me a key ) . the keys worked perfectly , which is more than i can say for the rest of the car . will definitely use them again !	1531
0	i went for a pedicure this evening , the owner 's daughter worked on my pedicure . i told her that i had an ingrown that was bothering me on the left foot . when she got to it , she decided she was going to pull out the entire ingrown ! i was in pain , so i asked her to stop right away ! she did not ask me if i wanted my ingrown removed , trimmed or filed , she just decided to yank it out ! several hours later , i am still in pain . not very profession , eating while they work . i will not go back . beware !	3021
0	the first time made it farmer boy in a long time and i know the reason why now . first of all they give you a soda completely full ice two sips and it 's empty then you have to wait for the waitress to come around second but hamburger i ordered was burnt on both sides tasted terrible . the only thing that was good was the french fries but it 'll be a long time before ever come back again .	213
0	i literally missed half a movie waiting for my food . 47 minutes for a hotdog and burger . pull your shit together and get more organized and prepare for busy days . ruined my whole experience for the first time ever at a drive in movie .	1634
1	dr. grade exudes professionalism , i appreciate her attention and detail when i have an appointment . i have never had a doctor that i was completely comfortable with , i would recommend her and the office to everyone .	3406
0	tire service ! never coming back here the customer service is really bad . they promised me 45 min wait it took almost to hours before i was out of there . they found two nails on my one tires but could n't just replaced the one tire . they 're trying to make money having me to buy all four tires when i do n't need it . please be careful do n't be desperate if you are go somewhere else to buy tires and get more excellent service .	3884
0	run . do n't even bother . unless your taste buds no longer work . thank you tabasco for saving the day . very bland food and extremely slow service . it 's not worth the drive out into the lovely ghetto of las vegas . if you want delicious food , go to squeeze in or zenaidas ( closed monday tuesday )	1319
0	geared toward very small children however i think it 's lacking in interaction . a lot of the buttons did n't work on the exhibits , left a lot of the exhibits wondering what i was supposed to have learned from it . not worth the money .	3891
0	wine selection very average , so i decided to get a beer . glass/beer smelled strongly of bleach and bartender got annoyed when i asked for a new glass . wth ?	1538
1	i absolutely love the pedicures given here ! there 's usually no wait time and it 's very relaxing . the place is very nice and friendly and the owner is very nice . would n't go to a different place !	2892
0	i really wanted to like this place , but unfortunately i feel ripped off . taking nine nice items for $ 20 ? ! ! also when i asked about their purchasing policy , after seeing the prices on the floor the math did not add up . poor little rich girl is a better deal and offers you more bang for your buck . unfortunately i will not be returning do n't really suggest you do either either	1446
0	it depends on which hairdresser you choose . i have been to this place many times for the past a few years . generally all the japanese hairdressers are nice and friendly and they do a good job on average . however , there is a korean speaking woman hairdresser pissed me off today . my hair looks terrible after her cut and she is very rude . i 'd recommend avoiding her if you can .	2181
1	food is really good , the place is super busy during the weekend . i love it . remembers me china : ) but i find the price too high for what it is . i still highly recommend this place .	0
1	i like to shop at this dollar tree location they always have alot of deals especially for christmas which helped me out this year because of the christmas cards and candy i needed to buy they also always have what i 'm looking for at this specific dollar tree location and the customer service is always top notch and the people are friendly and make you seem like your important overall this is my favorite dollar tree location out of the many out here in vegas .	1956
1	i have been with state farm for over 20 years , in multiple states . manuel felix is now my agent and friend . thank you manny .	2675
1	thank you dr khavkin , the office like you said is much more comfortable and less crowded . i just came in for my 1 year followup and we had only a short wait to be seen .	3217
1	i 've been to 4 seasons for months and they never disappoint me . the price is very fair for the high quality work you 're receiving . best pedicure in town , my pedicure always last 3 weeks + . the staffs is very friendly and they 're very good at what they do . no other salons can compare . come see cindy for your nails , cindy will make your any of your ideas happen .	1783
0	we have eye med insurance , took my son to lenscrafters where it cost $ 40 for the eye exam . i go to an ophthalmologist where with eye med insurance it costs nothing for an eye exam . lenscrafters should not cost more for a visit to their store . we have also used the insurance at jc penney and sears eye locations and not been charged this . will not be using them next time .	1590
1	excellent customer service excellence and a great price ! i highly recommend anybody that wants to look sharp and do it at a great value !	442
1	fast , friendly service at this jewelry repair shop in the scottsdale mall . they fixed my broken silver chain in less than 30 minutes . when i returned to pick it up , they polished my other jewelry for free . highly recommended .	3533
1	very picturesque running spot . lots of butterflies , birds and tons of nest plants . many criss crossing paths . i wish there we 're more unpaved trails .	3715
1	awesome place ' ! get your extensions and color from connie and you 'll be happy with the results for sure ! she is wonderful along with other hairstylists like erica . they are professional and knowledgeable . really nice people . easy to talk to and they really careabout their clients . highly recommendedthank you guys snd more power ! ! !	1745
1	i 've ordered a few times from this location and have been very pleased with each visit . they are accurate with their to-go orders and have a register specifically for this . i call ahead and never have to wait once i get there . the menu is greek-american food and always tastes good . my favorite items are the fried fish and the greek salad . i have not dined in , but from walking in the dining area is very colorful and looks clean .	501
0	this is a follow up review on the first review as of september 21st still no battery and no fan . i was told to check back on friday the 25 th . terrible service . i ca n't believe it takes that long for a battery . or even a fan to be ordered . which proves my point they do n't order the parts when they say they do . terrible service . i ca n't say that enough .	2523
0	i 'm from out ot town but needed to get a mani-pedi . i called to book a mani-pedi but i guess not everyone understands what that means as after i finished with my pedi i asked for my mani and they said they did n't have me booked for a mani and of course being in the client service business you would think they would correct their order and give me a mani and instead they said they understood a mini pedi and did nothing to clarify the error . bottom line if you want to make it in life , recognize your errors and make the client happy ! needless to say i would never go back .	3880
1	i have nothing but good things to say about this place . i walked in waited maybe 3 minutes no lie got a seat w chloe ! ! chloe was super nice but what i liked best about her was she was super hip to all the new nail design or trend . told her what i wanted and she delivered ! i mean like w flying colors . i wanted coffin nails which she executed perfectly without the slightest flaw . if your looking for the newest nail trends or just a plain elegant efficient nails , mirage nails and spa is the place to go while in chandler arizona !	686
1	eaten here and couple of times and just now remembering to post a review if you are n't up for ayce but want good sushi there combo specials are really good and decently filling for a reasonable price 3 hand rolls or 2 rolls and soup and you 're still under $ 15 with a specialty drink . good service good food .	985
1	first time here and i was greeted buy a guy named paul and he was very knowledgeable about our questions we had on our car and was a good guy to work with	3741
0	wow , ordered a burrito and asked for a cup of water . response : sorry , no cup for water . can i get my tip back ? too many other places for my biz . go to el pollo loco next door . added one to the one star cuz the burrito was ok , needs sauce though .	322
1	i have been coming here for about a year now . every time i walk in the owner is at the front desk welcoming customers with a big smile . its great , one of the reasons i always come back ! i can honestly say i 've only had one bad experience with one of the technicians this was 6 months back she was very rough with the string on my eyebrows , it had me tear up a bit . never seen her again . nonetheless this will continue to be my place every 2 weeks !	71
1	great menu selection . food is unique , in a good way . the beer battered chicken strips were amazing and the sauce was very good . it is darker lit , but very clean . pleasant atmosphere and staff , good portions and reasonable prices .	648
0	they told me i needed 400 dollar repairs and took it somewhere else and there was nothing wrong . i think they are shady and untrustworthy ! do n't go to this location ! !	1895
0	my husband and i ordered two pizzas from this place . so incredibly bad we thought it was a joke . completely inedible . update : owner wrote to me saying that we have not been there . trust me we have and seriously it 's terrible and the owner is obviously to busy responding to yelp reviews to instead of running his business .	754
1	this is my favorite taco shop type mexican place . they open early & close late . we almost always get the breakfast burritos & they are always excellent . get the green sauce !	1194
1	when we moved to nevada from minnesota , we decided not to bring a lot of our furniture . we looked at many stores in henderson and las vegas , not finding an inventory that satisfied us , until we walked into rc willey on stephanie st . so far we have purchased a formal dining table with six chairs , a china cabinet , a kitchen table with four chairs , four chairs to use on the patio , and a tv console cabinet . we have been very pleased with the selection of furniture , the quality of their delivery services , and their prices .	439
0	bland af . even with salsa on the tacos it tasted like nothing . the rice has a ton of butter and the beans are half cooked .	1071
1	we order from here a lot , decided to go into the restaurant today with the kids , and it was nice . it feels like they have renovated also . food was tasty and service was really nice !	649
0	absolutely horrible . left the salon 2 hours ago - asked for partial highlights to cover up my roots and add lighter blonde ... as you can see i still have roots . the same length of roots i went in with . and there 's orange tint between the roots and the blonde . literally $ 75 wasted . i 'm so upset .	3655
0	service was slow . food portion was small and it was all precooked . run out of 1/2 of the selection we tried to order . disappointing for a taiwanese place .	344
1	awesome place great location with great people . rooms clean and nice size pool fantastic . if you are looking for a place downtown here is the 1st choice hands down so close to everything .	3859
0	trash . too greasy . bland . terrible service on top of that . just knock this place down and build a publix please .	1549
1	love casa ! they have the best hot salsa ! the crunchy tacos are delish and the rice and beans are always perfect ! i got a carne as ada burrito this time enchilada style.. so yummy !	340
0	the lady that took our order sat on the phone for 10 minutes talking while our food got cold along with some near by patrons food as well . horrible service . the only thing hot was the white rice .	561
1	i 'm giving this shop a 5-star simply because they perform all the duties you ask of them . they 'll never do anything without your approval so you wo n't have to worry about the `` hidden fees '' . the prices are very reasonable and the service is quick . there really is n't much more i can ask for from an auto shop .	3648
1	great place for healthy delicious desserts . gluten free , dairy free ( vegan ) , no refined sugar , nut free , etc. , and great tasting . my favourite so far is the amazing chocolate cake . friendly and knowledgeable owners .	278
1	since my first review i have visited this location at least 10 times . my husband and i both stop off on our way home from work at least twice a month , and in between that i do take advantage of the free vacuuming . never too crowded . never had any damage to my vehicle .	2044
0	the workers there are great do n't get me wrong but the ice sometimes are good some times are terrible the other customers are rude and loud if they do n't have the kind of flavors they sit there and complain either way if this does n't get fixed you will no long get my service period . i should be able to go to a place with my family and not sit there and listen to adults complaining get your stuff together seriously ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	2162
1	if you 're looking for a nice homey breakfast/brunch this is a good place to go . the food is yummy and the hosts are welcoming and very friendly . been going there for a few years and they have consistency with the quality of food and portions . great family spot !	364
1	what can i say ? tempeh tempeh tempeh , tempeh and eggs , tempeh and french toast , tempeh lettuce and tomato , tempeh is amazeballs . beyond that this my fav for food fight , been coming here for several decades . i love it . here 's another one : tempeh in the morning , tempeh in the evening , tempeh at supper time , when you eat at monty's you can have tempeh anytime !	975
1	they 've always taken care of all my needs . easy to make appointments and quick service .	3321
0	worst service ever . overpriced . car hop service is a joke . workers are more interested in phone than providing good service .	2415
0	watch out for their tricky charges , this company is crooked , i only went there because i had a purchased a groupon . after that expired they tried to charge me membership fees ! ! i was told i needed to cancel , even though i had a groupon and was not a member ? ! ? ! i understand if your business is struggling and you need to increase revenue but please do not falsify charges for your own gain . tbc	3898
1	had a fantastic experience of two surgeries through ent consultants of nv with dr. goll . he was so professional , kind , and efficient . staff was always friendly and i never had to wait . everything happened just as they said it would . plus , i 'm cured ! ! thumbs up for dr. goll and staff !	1149
0	this used to be one of my favorite sushi restaurants . have been coming here for years with my kids and , friends . the food is still alright ; however , i just can not get over the constant streaming of fox news . as a customer , i do not want to go anywhere that somebody 's bias and blatant hate is going to be crammed down my throat .	198
0	let me just say i love chik-fil-a ! we went here to get a snack and got a 12 count for 3 of us and i am so glad we pulled into the parking lot to eat them . apparently whomever made the package could n't count and shorted us .	572
1	our room was nice and beds and pillows were comfy . air conditioner worked very well as it was 103 outside . shower curtain did n't hold all the water inside the tub so floor got a little flooded . : -o nice staff , shuttle rides and takes pets . overall , pretty good and will stay again .	1335
1	i ordered the chocolate ganache torte . the crust was so delicious it was made of pecans it was soft and had a nice crunch to it ! the chocolate ganache was so silky and delicious ! it came with catamel sauce which really complimented the torte . i will definetly this order again ! i really enjoyed it and its vegan friendly as well !	643
0	took 7.25 hours for my hair to get two different colors . average 2 hours for a crappy pedicure that chips the next day . not worth it	1228
1	it 's great every time ! the best in the area that i have been to . management makes sure you will be satisfied before you leave the lot .	3899
0	no words to describe customer service ! ! ! ! if you want to experience stuck up employees who think their high end chefs this is the place to go ! ! i definitely do not recommend this spot due to lack of customer service ! ! !	31
0	if i could give 0 stars i would ... . the food was good ... the customer service was horrible ! ! ! ! ! the manager is such an asshole . i am a vegetarian and i ordered a pasta without chicken and he refused to adjust my bill . when he came to my table ... he had the balls to tell me that if he customized it and did everything separate it would cost more . how does a pasta without chicken cost more ? ? this is the first time ever that a manager has not adjusted my bill . and it says right at the bottom of their menu that they accommodate . i will never go back !	440
0	they changed the access hours for 9:00am-6:30pm - so if you have a job you can only get to your stuff on weekends - and no discount in rent for doing so . ridiculous .	3521
0	horrible . bought a refrigerator . said they would call they day before to schedule delivery . they called day of at 9:45am to tell me my refrigerator would be delivered between 7pm-9pm that night . we have kids that go to bed at 7pm . justin , the salesman is useless . after they make the sale , they are rude and incompetent . the fridge is going back and i will purchase at sears . better price and better service .	3784
0	be warned ! this place is bad . went and got the `` special '' pedi here because of the great reviews.f first of all it took forever to get someone to do my nails even though i had an appointment then the guy rushed the whole time barely did anything to my feet so not worth 30+ bucks the the lady did my gel nails , they were horrible looked like a 5 year old did them and they started to peel the next day . such a waist of money !	3260
1	i 've been here twice now & i have to say that the food here is exquisite ! try the calamari & shrimp appetiser , the shrimp was so good ! the atmosphere here is quite nice as well , there 's always a good crowd around & the staff is very friendly & there 's a dj & a live band playing on the weekends .	756
1	great fresh made pizza with an awesome patio . the staff are great and very family friendly . we often have the canadian pizza but everything we 'd tried has been great .	240
1	they do great work here ! the did my tuxedo for my wedding . it looked flawless . my previous cleaner left me disappointed but delia 's saved me .	2415
1	great place to shop if budget is tight . friendly staff . location really nice if you have lots of shopping to do . hands down an excellent place for quality and good prices .	1446
1	best nail salon i 've been to in az and i have gone to many nail salons . make an appointment with tracy she is the best , i go to her every 2 weeks . i do n't go to anyone else , but i hear that the other ladies do a good job also .	527
0	wo n't even let you take a fresh cup of starbucks in we got at barnes & noble ! and then the manager would n't even make an exception for us and we had to get a refund and leave ! we were n't going to throw away a full cup of starbucks ! shame on you amc . now we know the rules and now we wo n't be coming back . boo .	2406
1	this is my go to bubble tea place now . i 've tried presotea , chatime , and tea shop , but none of them are as good as coco 's . they always give a ton of tapioca or grass jelly/pudding ( depending on what i get ) and it always tastes like it should . the service is quick and if you do n't know how to order , they 'll give you a hand . the prices are like all the other bbtea places , but it 's definitely more worth it in my opinion !	766
0	i came in for some pain in my ear . the stuff are friendly but very slow ... it took me an hour and half for the doctor to come to the room , and another 20 mins for the stuff to let me go ... idk about you but i have a child and i can not be spending 2 hours in the urgent care ... it should be urgent . not take your time ...	3698
1	love this place only came here 3 times and always happy will keep coming back thank you kimmy for my new set and tammy thank you for my awesome pedicure love the service prices are very reasonable	2297
1	took amazing care of my little brat . he was happy as a clam coming from his teeth cleaning .	2009
0	we had tickets to see jim gaffigan , the show was suppose to start at 8 and around 8:30 the opening act came out . the line to get in the building was crazy long , we waited over 30 mins just to get the building . also they only had a few booths to get drinks , so the lines for those were crazy . overall this place was n't great there was a huge issue in section of people not sitting in their assigned seats . no one was checking tickets to make sure you 're in the right area . they could of had a few more people working this event .	2187
0	the worst car buying experience ever . they were caught in lies between the bank and their dealership . corey and antwon gave horrible service . even the elusive `` herb '' did n't respond . chapman will be out of business with these tactics . go elsewhere if integrity is valued .	2754
1	i like to drink protein drinks as a meal substitute some times and this place has just about every make and model when it comes to whey . add in the discount card and it is my go to place for suppliments . located in the outdated park road shopping center .	3122
1	i have had nothing but good experiences with brittany primacky since i started going here . she 's done an amazing job at correcting the color i 've had done by other people . she is quick , patient , and actually listens to what i want . she 's easy to talk to which makes being in her chair comfortable . no awkward silences . i will definitely be following her to whatever salon she ends up at .	354
1	awesome lunch spot . turkey mango sandwich and mac was fantastic . fast and perfect service at the bar . every dish has a nice surprise to it . definitely coming back .	967
1	excellent selection of beer on tap . i usually sit at the bar as the bartenders seem to know thier beer . the food is good and fresh however the menu really doesnt appeal to myself . a definite place to stop in for a few pints or flight on the night out on 17th ave .	630
1	i 've been using services provided by stylist maria for a while now . she is miss excellence to say the least ! perfect sense of hair style that will match you , great hair color technics and wonderful personality . in overall outstanding customer service that you will definetly get there .	2828
1	a number of stores have closed but anchor stores are open . there is no large book store though but there is a decent food court . large anchor stores include jc penny , macy 's , and dillard 's . a train ride is available indoors . costco is also accessible .	2815
1	really great gluten free sub using udis loaf . sandwiches are simple which i like although a bit over priced even without the gf bun charge . employees were well informed on the company 's gf policy . they changed gloves , had a separate cutting board and knife , and even wiped down the meat and cheese slice all without me even requesting . the two guys working in the morning i went were very friendly and you can tel they enjoy their jobs .	1289
0	slow . slow slow slow . oh did i mention how slow they are there ? and to top it all off , i saw a bug flying in their food case ! ew ew ew . never again , not worth it . so sad , starbucks chains .	1351
0	i had a terrible experience . my crown fell off a short time after i had it done by dr. michelle -- despite the fact that she assured me it would would last for 10 years . i would have settled for a third of that ! when i contacted her for reimbursement she refused and suggested that it fell out because of poor dental hygiene . i absolutely do not recommend . extremely unprofessional !	697
1	jc c. nice to see you there this weekend it was fun love the kids getting together and they guys that work there are cool great with the kiddos ! !	3267
1	not much to say about this . shattered my iphone 5 screen , brought it in , and 25 minutes later we were back up and running . got what i expected . great repair .	2930
1	the crepe is a must try at this store . the drink is quite sweet , including both cold and hot drinks . the desserts in the cooler are terrible , looks nice for instagram pic though .	891
0	we bought an ottoman and less than 3 months later the casters broke . the customer service to get it fixed has been terrible ! ! ! we have called 12 times and it has been almost 3 weeks and we still have a broken ottoman ! ! we will never shop there again ! !	2071
1	we ran into an issue and spoke to ashley about it . she resolved the issue immediately and she did so while making us feel important and appreciated . she really left us with a fantastic impression of brenden theaters and we would highly recommend this theater to anyone .	491
0	i was excited to try this place out , but was disappointed . the food quality is horrible . the empanada sampler was a joke . the empanadas have no filling . they cut the empanadas in half , and half had filling and some did not . the croissant sandwich , same thing , half had the egg , and the other did not . sad to say that burgerking has a better crossaintwich , for a third of the price . the best part , i guess was the smoked salmon lox , which they are not known for . food quality has to improve if they want to make it in summerlin .	1332
1	i am not a fan of gas station/rest-stop area sandwiches..but i walked past this sandwich and was very surprise by how beautiful and fresh it looked and i had to try it simply outstanding ...	447
0	sub par at best . they advertise a salad on the menu with mixed greens but do n't actually have mixed greens in their kitchen ! ! ! lame . very few healthy options and everything else is very generic and boring . most definitely will not be back .	741
1	this location , as well as joe fresh as a `` designer '' , has really come into its own . they are my go to place for tights . opaque nylons for $ 6-8 a pop in all of the muted colours your heart desires . and the shoes ... oh the shoes ! does anyone know if joe needs a new best friend ? because he 's got one in me ! pepper props to their fun and laid back staff . always a pleasure .	3307
1	this guys are great , went with a flat , i was coming from the discount tires all pissed off after they try to rip my off convincing me that the tire is too old to fix blah blah , the car is kinda new . any ways , automall wheels was easy and fast , i was able to drop off the tire and just come pick it up like 15 minutes later and the price was great too , $ 15 not bad at all : ) thanks guys for being awesome .	88
1	first time and service was extraordinary , they took me in right away and the staff is very pleasant . will come back	3140
1	when you are sick , you go to the doctor . my older car was dying and i had to go to dr auto for the correct not 2nd opinion , but 3rd . every shop has to say something different . but the techs led by nick found the real problem . did it take time and money , yes , but you have to make the investment . these guys are great . thanks nick and brian for a job well done . and i ca n't forget steve for shuttling me back and forth . i love the great service and expertise . thanks dr auto !	3594
0	this salon messaged me several times , claiming i had an appointment with them ; when i called to tell them they had the wrong number , the receptionist giggled and stated she would `` look into having my number removed '' ... at 7:21am the following saturday morning , i got a text , waking me up , to again confirm an appointment i did not have ... now that you 've inconvenienced me , i 'll look into giving you a poor review .	3880
0	i think this is the worst cafe rio i 've been to . they are so frugal with their portions . ill stick to the green valley location . you get your money 's worth there .	1365
0	not such a good review right now . seriously the music is so loud it is making my brain vibrate ! !	2860
1	finally , after 18 years in this food desert-an asian restaurant that is like being back in san francisco ! pad tai with shrimp that almost made me cry-chow fun that was real chow fun ! not someplace that thinks big noodles is enough-my only wish is bbq pork like they have in the windows in sf . i know you have limitations serving in a place like arizona but now i have a dream and hope ! thank you tottie's-i will be back ! btw-this was a grubhub delivery order so i did not actually go in the place-does n't matter-they could be serving out of a trunk and i would still place my order !	779
1	honest , friendly , and timely service at very reasonable prices . the pep boys staff i have encountered during the service of 3 vehicles has been truly outstanding . gene , jose , dennis , and brian ; thank you so much ! car trouble and maintenance can be stressful but your positive , upbeat attitudes mixed with a bit of humor is greatly appreciated . keep up the great service ! thanks , tony b .	959
1	this place is really great . the staff is efficient and professional . i was so happy i got a great price on my jewelry .	2032
0	i just want to thank all of the people who took the time to write a review about this place . i was going to take my phone there for a screen replacement but not now ! no way !	2342
0	this crowne plaza is potentially the worst that i 've ever stayed at . the room that we got was ok , no problems that we noticed initially . however , there was no hot water , there were cracks in the ceiling ( poorly kept up ) , and on our last night , ants in the bathroom . the outside of the building is also poorly kept up as well - there were leaks from some water source that were continuously leaking and left nasty stains on the building as well . worst of all , the service desk never picks up the phone . if that does n't say that management does n't care about this business , nothing does .	1786
1	good service ! food is always great ! and the staff is vey friendly !	701
1	great atmosphere - ultra cool modern vibe - great tasting coffee and baked goods . you have to be a savvy person to understand why this is such a cool spot to frequent ... ... and well travelled . great job for bringing a new spin on european flavour to a growing community of enthusiast for your philosophy !	1092
1	this place is always clean and easy to find what i need . it 's walking distance to my home and the fruits and veggies are always fresh . starbucks is great to get a coffee while shopping . all the carts wheels work perfectly and i never have any issues .	2105
1	great american food . this place packs out . do n't be shy you might have to share a table . but everyone is nice	1455
1	awesome service ... great results ... friendly people ..they did an awesome job ! ! ! ! ! we will definatly use them again ! !	2854
0	hampton inn has , broadly , significantly improved its quality in the last decade . large clean rooms , great duvets , and overall a great value . this is not one of those hotels . it is rundown with dents , scrapes , and a layer of old grime everywhere . no duvet ( low-quality comforter instead ) , worn furniture , thin towels , and a window air conditioner that clunks every time it kicks on and off . it avoids a a one-star rating due to having the normal , decent hampton breakfast and being somewhat less expensive than the good ones ( clearly a too-good-to-be-true situation ) .	2583
1	it was the best afghani food i have ever had , everything was full of flavour , the meat was juicy and the rice was the delicious . their spicy tomatoe sauce was excellent .	1347
1	open 24/7 ! ! if you 're staying at the golden nugget , having a 24/7 starbucks is definitely a plus . pretty much your typical starbucks . what i did notice is that this starbucks actually has all the different drink options available . here in ca the menus only have the basic drinks . having the starbucks inside the casino is another plus for me . at this location they have a wide variety to desserts from huge chocolate dipped cupcakes to fat eclairs . mmmm ! -1 star for being slightly more expensive . understandable , but still not necessary .	683
0	rude , untrained staff . some lady walked up to me asking if i needed help finding acne products . i did n't ask for help , she came up to me . first of all , that 's rude . second , i do n't have acne , i have rosacea . this staff member pretended to know what rosacea was but she obviously had no clue , as she was trying to offer me products with ingredients that make rosacea flare up . she was clearly trying to sell specific products . do they work on commission ? train your staff better . if i needed help with my skin i 'd ask someone . and it would be a dermatologist , thanks .	384
1	i am a total wimp when it comes to getting blood drawn . i 've fainted or come close to fainting almost every time . they were so quick , efficient , and nice at this sonora quest lab . it was the easiest , most painless experience i 've ever had .	123
0	i bought a van on ebay , worst dealer i have ever dealt with . it appears others feel the same , you would be better off with a plumber working on your car . they would not fix what there staff screwed up . your better off if they do n't work on your car .	2659
0	ignorant , customer service sucks , immature kids working there when toy ask a question that they can not answer they tell you have an attitude shoot me	3638
0	this was the worst experience in my life ! i was originally promised many things would be done according to the plans . the work was done very poorly ! the workers are not trained pros . the only thing they cared about was getting the payments on time . i wish i had went went the other companies that were 5,000 or so more expensive just to have a quality pool built .	3833
1	pretty fun . 3 acts . i would go again . i was laughing . not cracking up laughing but laughing . pretty good show for price .	2458
0	last night they did n't show up to take me to the airport , and did n't call either ! whatever , city cab did n't look so bad after that	2952
0	we are athletes traveling from the us . the kid at the front desk wanted us to wait 15 minutes to `` talk to someone '' for us to use the gym once . terrible customer service . just assumed we are regular morals wanting to use the smith machine .	3409
1	visited during ces and was so amazed by how fast the baristas were able to serve customers - i seriously have never seen lines at starbucks that long in my whole life . given how many people were waiting in line , i was pleasantly surprised at how fast i received my order . there was a bit of confusion at the pick up counter area but it was simply because there were so many people in such a small spot . i agree with another reviewer - this location for sure has the coolest starbucks sign i have ever seen ! be sure to check it out !	2723
1	dr. carter was my orthopedic surgeon and i could n't be happier with the results thus far . i can see and feel the steady progression in my knee flexibility and strength . toca 's physical therapy has helped tremendously as well .	2755
1	with the exception of them supporting the roughriders instead of the stampeders , this is a pretty sweet hangout . great nightly specials like mini perogies on mondays and steak sandwich on tuesdays ( i believe it 's only $ 4 and that gives you fries as well ) . love their caesars . just please get rid of all of the riders crap !	2505
1	i used to look around this store when my dad had a weekday free . you can find good deals here on leather coats . i have heard that their optical department has good deals on a pair of prescription glasses too .	3567
1	never fails . i hate to wait and i never have to wait in lines with red carpet vip . process is easy , service great and vip host are nice/cool people . give it try for clubs like xs and marquee .	1616
0	paradise valley mall is not as nice as it used to be years ago . it has went downhill . only reason i go their now is for my hair dresser at regis hair salon who i would drive to the end of the earth for .	2815
1	i 've been coming to this gym consistently for many years and am impressed with the consistency of the management culture ( despite periodic turnover ) , friendliness of staff and the quality of the facility and equipment . this gym attracts a nice diverse demographic . i would be surprised if anyone felt out of place . my only minor complaint is that they could make for room for an additional squat rack and deadlift area . my christmas wish is that they put in a platform and bumper plates so we can do some olympic lifting .	392
1	could n't be happier with my experience here . got my first tattoo from jack , who did a great job . ca n't recommend this place enough .	2192
1	went for pinball . monopoly machine not working properly . 4th straight location i 've been to today with a bad pinball machine ! !	1959
1	great food and atmosphere.the best staff ! warm and friendly .its like eating with family .	1386
1	great facial from calli . the place was a little hard to find but not too bad . the room is super adorable & comfortable . she did an awesome job & making me feel relaxed & fresh faced . i 'm still glowing the next day & excited to go back : - )	1675
0	this place sucks . the food is substandard and the service is horrible then they expect a damn tip . its a buffet , watch out if they include the gratuity on the bill ! the restroom wreaks with urine all over . this was my last time in this establishment .	1302
0	i called to get put on the waiting list before i headed in . when i called i was told they do n't have a waiting list but i can make an appointment . i told him i would like to avoid waiting if possible so he told me to come on down no problem and they will get me right in . i was there within 5 minutes and was told there was an hour and a half wait before they could get me in . something they should 've told me before saying come on down we will get you right in . poor customer service and lack of communication on their part .	3386
1	best manicure and pedicures here , with lisa . i get regular mani/pedis at home in dallas but every time i come to vegas i come see lisa . seriously worth it and she does a phenomenal job . and she 's so much fun to talk to !	1606
0	i have lived here for 2 1/2 months . the maintenance is really good.but ... since we moved in here there has been many many break-ins . my family and i does not feel safe here . we have requested security , but the will not hire a security company . this past week the apartment below us was broken into . there is either someone that lives here or someone is watching peoples movements . we will go speak with management again to see if they will hire security that is on foot . one star only because it is just not safe .	983
1	the bartender was cool and service was quick . this is better than the average airport food , and they boast some local craft brews . it is great for a quick bite before rushing to meet your connecting flight . i would recommend the bbq ... i mean what is more carolina than that ?	219
0	the food was great ! the costumer service is horrible , the waitress was rude and took forever to take our order considering it was slow and an hour and a half near closing time was already putting away the table sauces which made us feel extremely uncomfortable and rushed to eat once we received our food . they forgot part of my order and i had to ask for it twice before anyone brought the rest of my food out !	210
0	i bought 2 9-grain bagels and i must say they were the hardest , driest bagels i 've ever eaten . my husband raves about how good the blueberry muffins are at wildflower , and i was craving a bagel so i decided to give them a try . not only was i completely ignored by the staff , but by the time i got home and tried the bagels i was definitely ready to get back in the bed and try breakfast again another day .	1387
1	love the sweet and sour pork and crab puffs yum yum yum . new to the neighborhood and i think we found our favorite chinese food ! impressed with the food . ca n't wait to order the chow mein next time .	237
1	this is always my favorite pastry shop . every birthday , i 've always had their cakes . this valentine 's day cake that i received today is awesome . it 's beautifully made , and it tastes great .	1217
0	this is one of the worst places . really i ca n't believe that they expect people to pay for this stuf they serve as food . we ordered fajitas & were served scraps of meat . also , for a mexican food restaurant to serve guacamole from a package is a bad sign .	1346
1	it 's been awhile since i 've been here , having moved to scottsdale . i was delighted to find the salon cleaner and more lovely . kim has done a nice job managing and the infinity pedicure is so worth it with the extra ( terrific ) massage ! no place else to go for great nail service in moon valley ! or , just in the neighborhood , inbetween appointments ! like me !	2297
0	the ambiance was decent . the drinks were interesting but there was not enough variety . the service was not great , by any means . overpriced .	2513
1	had a plumbing emergency-teenagers and toilets paper are a bad mix ... .aj the plumber was here in two hours ... fixed the clog in five minutes and it cost $ 64 with the online coupon . great service in great time at a great price . thank you ! i 'll never call anyone else .	2203
1	i have been sick for the past three days and collin , the employee i mentioned in my previous review , introduced me to the medicine ball . he even recommended to add peach tranquility and honey . i 'm so grateful for this starbucks location and how comfortable they make me feel with every visit .	266
1	i have been here twice to have my sewing machine serviced , and i have to say i am impressed with the excellent service and the timeliness in which i received machine back . ray was extremely helpful in explaining how to prevent future problems , too . affordable too ! i wo n't take my machine anywhere else !	932
1	every time i have visited this location the staff has been extremely friendly and helpful . they will always make recommendations and i 've never seen a bad attitude by any of the employees here . when you 're ordering a quality , custom smoothie it is going to take a little extra time . i agree that they are understaffed but it 's also a business and i 'm sure they do n't want extra people standing around in winter when people are less likely to order smoothies . i think this is a great addition to hello bistro and i 'm glad that there 's another juice & smoothie storefront other than jamba juice in downtown .	3223
0	this is a good looking salon . you can tell the owner had some sort of pinterest obsession going on when designing it . i was a bit confused to learn that my $ 40 haircut did n't include a blow dry or style . my stylist was friendly , when she actually spoke . i will not be returning . the haircut was mediocre and not worth the price .	2577
0	very bad customer service . i tried to return an item but refused due to their stupid return policy . i am a regular customer here and bought more than 10k worth of goods . they just lost me for . $ 13 return . i feel sorry i ever bought from here .	3861
1	my experience at ashley 's was great ! , sean was awesome and we love our bedroom furniture . we got many other items too that we love ! i highly recommend going to this store ! ! !	3738
0	never going back . the guy doing my gel pedicure used the wrong color , i was n't paying attention and he did n't realize until they were all finished . he started rushing to take off the polish . i was irritated because he was taking up more of my time , that i did n't have today but because he was rushing he really hurt the skin surrounding my toe nails ( my right big toe is bleeding ! ! ) and quite frankly , my toe nails look like crap !	1388
1	great experience with joe garza at nationschoice . he really went out of his way to find the best terms available , was very accommodating of my needs and very responsive to my questions . i 've worked with a number of mortgage companies in the past , so i know the difference between a great experience and one that leaves a lot to be desired . i 'll definitely work with joe again and would highly recommend him .	3551
1	this was my first time trying a crepe cake and one word -delicious ! i tried their holiday flavored candy cane mint chocolate . it was fresh , sweet , and fluffy ! ca n't wait to go back and try a different flavor !	3180
0	wings has the best wraps ! i ordered a chicken wrap last week for lunch ... fried chicken , lettuce , onion , cucumber , cheese and balsamic dressing . it was great ! so , i decided to order another one tonight . well , i got grilled chicken and cheese with ranch dressing ... it was terrible ! ! ! i 'm not sure what happened the second time around but , i wont be ordering for awhile . sincerely , # travelingwithcarla	1285
1	fabulous experience ! a pre-cancerous lesion was identified on my nose by dr. rubinzik . then a mohs procedure by dr. kim with closure by dr. stutman . can not say enough about all the staff , very courteous and prompt . highly recommend !	2099
0	they add $ 3 to every purchase just because they 're inside the golden nugget . not cool .	683
0	got the carbonara because i 'm very picky about my pastas so i figured go with the one no one can mess up . they messed up . runny and bland . no flavour what so ever and this is a dish that has pancetta . how can pancetta not be flavourful ? there pizza may deserve a 3 as my friend said it was not bad ... .now that 's a ringing endorsement . servers and patio are nice !	240
1	authentic caribbean food ! wait is n't long , food fresh and delicious and the main hostess is great with customer service . my husband and i have dined here twice and will continue to come back ! i had the jerk chicken pasta , my husband had the jerk chicken , and for his birthday pineapple rum cake . definitely recommend !	1325
1	i came to this quest location on rainbow . saturday 's are busy but i was in and out under an hour.. cynthia soriano was awesome . thank you very much.. just to be clear , that was under an hour without an appointment.. very reasonable ...	1453
0	i had mabo ramen and it did n't taste well to be honest . i 've had better ramen elsewhere .	930
1	if you ever have elbow problems , the only person i would see is doctor cummings . i hate seeing doctors and i was in a lot of pain at the time on and off . he really gave me the answers i needed to make the right decision . you rock doctor cummings ! ! !	2755
0	unhelpful employees . no one said a word to me . a customer was walking around with her arms full of stuff , and no one offered her a basket . unpleasant experience .	2479
0	worst eye brows r us . i waited 5 munutes to be told to wait or come ba check 20 minutes . i miss the one in henderson . . and i miss the original people running this location . went down hill	71
1	pretty quite.. cool clothes and selection . good customer service . the floor supervisor was helpful . no pressure on selling their items . i would comeback here	92
0	stay away from the black dude at the shop ! he literally cut me on my face and acted like all was okay . i 'm not certain if it was deliberate or he 's just that retarded and incompetent . visiting this shop sincerely dampened vegas as i wore my gash like a freaking face tat . my buddies were served from the other barbers and their cuts came out decent . i so should 've followed their lead .	3469
0	very bad cleaning car service . you will get your car cleaner but not clean as you will expecting . they used to leave the car under sun for 10 minutes before come to dry it with dirty towels . i got many swirl shape obvious body scratches in my car with dozens of soap - hard water spots all over my car . very bad service and doesnt worth a penny ... ! !	127
0	rude staff , money hungry clinic . the most expensive clinic i 've ever encountered that is not even worth it . it 's worst compared to a public or charity clinic . staff wo n't entertain you and wo n't even call you back . i paid $ 200 cash for a 5 minute check up and more than 1 hour waiting period .	3059
0	nice place to go to meet some friends for coffee . always jugs of water available and ample seating . the coffee is okay . i 'm unimpressed with the menu but i am fairly picky .	1035
0	i would never recommend anyone go to this doctors office . several times now they have both been racially biased and have left me waiting even after calling three minutes before my appointment to say that they overbooked and the doctor would not be able to see me for several days . i am so disappointed in how this place can actually still be running and due to everything that i and several others have experienced we are currently going to be reporting them to the health board .	938
1	such a fun zoo ! went here with some friends in winter . some exhibits were closed due to the weather . ( but that 's what we get for going in january ! ) it was free which was awesome for us on a college budget . it was n't the biggest zoo , but it was the right amount to tire us out . come here fo a short and sweet afternoon ! ! ! ! !	3786
0	they ripped off my girl friends acura and were charging her + $ 6000 a year on over charging service work . if they would contact me to discuss the overcharges then i would give them a better rating . for now never get your car serviced by these crooks . find an independent mechanic that specializes in japanese or acuras cause this dealership is ripping people off ! she also bought a extended warranty from the dealership but they never put the paperwork through !	3940
1	this is probably the best fried fish that i 've had since moving to charlotte . i 'm from ny , and fish markets that also sell cooked food are the norm ... this is comparable . i had the fried whiting plate , and it was perfect . i am particular about coleslaw , so i did n't eat mine but the fish and fries were good enough to make me go back there for dinner tonight .	1868
0	awful -- not clean ... .the free breakfast is a joke- it shuts down at 9:45 because they run out of food ... they do n't have much food to start with ... we are a diamond hilton member and this hotel was awful , the bathroom was not clean , the beds were not clean ... the hotel is worn out ... i will not stay here again ...	3627
1	great location of an already great chain . very friendly , fast , good portioning , and of course , great food . definitely my go to place in the wexford area . two thumbs up	656
0	the soon tofu has no flavor and tastes very bland . their other food is very sweet . there are better options in phoenix . they do n't have the full menu that is advertised on the building . they only give kimchee as banchan ( side dish ) .	1028
1	wow , excellent food and service was fast . we were with a large group and we were surprised that they were able to serve us so quickly . will definitely be back .	882
1	i am mad i did n't find this place earlier . the menu is unique but reliable in that everyone would be able to find something they love . the salad we got was amazing as were the buffalo chicken tacos . i loved how they also had small plates/tapas for like $ 3 each . the prices here are so reasonable especially compared to similar chains with lower quality food and higher prices .	1458
1	friendly staff ... we got combination pho which was so flavorful with tons of noodles and meats so good . we also got a mango bubble tea yummy . accidentally came here looking for another place so glad we found it	784
1	stopped by before the beer bq uye because i could n't find the regia salvadorean lager at total wine and cardenas which is odd because total wine has buku beer selection , and cardenas carries all kinds of hispanic brews ? ? ? ? we first tasted this beer at rincon catratcho while chowing down on pupusas and as far as i know , this central american beer is only found in this korean supermarket . try a bottle if you 're looking for something different . its easy drinking , add some lime and salt and you 're good to go ! ... aloha ! ! ! yelp 365 challenge- ( 336/365 ) `` regia sold here ''	715
1	i love it here ! the trees and bushes are beautiful , you just ca n't find peaceful landscaping like this in phoenix . and the office staff is super nice . if they ca n't resolve an issue immediately they are on it and actually get back to me- shocking ! so far , very happy with my move to phoenix .	2311
1	saw the reviews , thought i 'd give it a try . choc malt was very good , thick and tasty . basic burger was good , tho i am a fan of pickle slices rather than the relish sort of pickle stuff they use . in any case , the place is fine , food was good . did not go inside , so do n't know the decor or cleanliness , etc . service was prompt , tho for a saturday it was not busy .	953
1	the food was good but a little on the sweeter side . the portions were well sized and the service was good . we used a groupon on the groupon app and saved a lot of money which made it even better so make sure you get that before you go .	1361
0	im actually updating this to a 1 star . i tried to get my eyelashes fixed by another place and basically the glue was on there so sick that she told me that i will probably lose most of my eyelash and that i should just try and let the glue break down on its own . well she was right and i have lost almost all of my eyelash due to this procedure . my very good friend also had the exact same thing happened to her and has lost all of her eyelash . please do not get your lashes done here .	686
1	what a blast ! ! i have n't picked up a bow in 20 years , my dh had never used a bow -- so we were definitely amateurs . julie was a delightful instructor , and had us all up and going in no time at all . she managed to give everyone individualized attention ; no small feat considering there were 10 in the class . fun date night - worth the trip .	471
1	their outdoor bar deserves five stars . it reminded me of boca raton florida . i really forgot i was in vegas . there was live music that was amazing . outdoors seating was open to all as long as you order a drink . the drink prices was well worth the music , the comfort , and the vibe . enjoy your drink and relax . i saw some drunk people but well behaved because it 's a classy bar .	1992
0	actually a 1.25 star . food was very good . very reasonable prices . good service ... unfortunately the hair in the scallops ruined the entire experience . they did offer to take the scallops off of the bill . in my opinion , not enough .	1147
0	they have good baguettes and cheeses . pre-made food is not so good and customer service is lacking . maybe it 's an `` oh you 're not a regular '' attitude ? but then again , how does one become a regular ... pros -fresh bread -good cheeses & spreads cons -not much selection -pre made food is so-so	1160
0	very underwhelming . the original lacks flavor . if quiznos and jimmy john 's had a baby and that baby grew up to be a huge dissapointment , ta da ! earl of sandwiches ! the bread 's okay .	432
1	i was nearly a chipotle addict , but i can honestly say i have n't eaten there since cafe rio opened -- it 's just too good . the salads are by far the best thing on the menu , and the barbacoa is so sweet and juicy that it makes all the healthy stuff seem super tasty . i decided to get adventurous once and order their tres leches cake and was n't impressed , but the food off the line has never disappointed . be careful going during peak lunch hours , this place fills up with students and staff from the university and the line can get pretty long .	1365
0	well-oiled machine my foot . i asked for a referral and the referral department has yet to call me . it has now been three weeks . also , the billing department attempted to double charge me for my copay amount . who can afford to take off work for 3 hours for an annual physical , then have to take off another hour two weeks later for the results ? ridiculous . most importantly , dr. irene delorenzi has some serious likeability issues . rather cold bedside manner and a condescending nature . ridiculous . time to switch pcps ... again . thanks for the runaround , wfp .	3349
1	honestly , i think this place is a hidden gem . they have consistently amazing food . i 've tried their paninis , soups , quishes , and salads , and i can testify that they 're consistently fresh and tasty . in terms of sandwiches , the quality tends to depend on the server , but they 're almost always good . the pastries are always good too ; make sure to try the almond tart . in terms of cakes , the napoleon and berry tart are my favourite , but the freshness tends to vary . servers are very friendly & patient . one of the gems in bayview village ! !	160
1	i love this starbucks location and try not to go to other locations if i can help it . i always get my drink and/or food very quickly in the morning . employees are very good and friendly . they hustle and know their stuff . if there has ever been a mistake made , it 's rectified very quickly and with sincere apologies . ca n't speak to the drive-thru process . i do n't know why anyone would get in a line 8 cars deep . just walk in .	2778
1	ive found that if the tmp location doesnt have something in my size , this one will . its hidden just north of the exit for ray/ i 10 south . ive never had a problem w/ customer service here and , unlike the one at tmp , i like that they have a traditional register set up . i love the worthington line for work . chic , modern , and cheap ( in price , not value ) . awesome .	3633
1	everything is fine . but..the fish is not that fresh and is a little smelly ... beef and shrimp are just fantastic !	165
1	the best pizza at the university of pittsburgh . cheap pies that are phenomenal in taste . well worth the parking hassle to get this pizza . i 've never had a bad pizza here ! !	662
1	ca n't say enough how much i like formocha 's red bean milk tea - it 's the bomb when you add pudding ! this location is quick pick-up rather than a sit in bubble tea shop like the one on eglinton . passion fruit green tea is also recommended with their new cappuccino flavour for wheelcakes !	989
0	i eat here quite often but tonight was just terrible . my $ 30 porterhouse steak was so salty i could n't eat it . my baked potato was also so salty i could barely eat it . someone new at the grill ... on a positive note , the service was great !	560
1	amy is awesome i 'm staying for sure love the staff they go above n beyond too please there clients	150
1	the drunken noodles ( hot ) here are soo delicious ! ! ! egg rolls are great , pad thai is a little above average .	1450
0	$ 54.00 dollars for 1 blt , 1 salad , 1 order of fries , 1 pic of beer we never finished fu trish ... ... .what a joke do n't go go ... ... ... ... ..	792
1	i just happened to see it since i was shopping next door . i noticed how clean it was right away . i wanted something tropical so i decided on the coconut & guava ice cream flavors . i also purchased a strawberry peleta . the coconut was good , the flavor was n't overpowering . the guava was amazing ! i sat in my car in the parking lot and ate my ice cream . i 'm saving the peleta for tomorrow . i will definitely be back . maybe i 'll try the corn next time .	2769
0	asked for no cherry and a large soup . got a small soup and a cherry . thanks for caring about food allergies chick fil a	572
1	stop here every time i 'm in town . order a beer - half cider half bud light . amazing appetizers . all menu items are priced fairly and taste amazing . great pretzel bites . bring a jacket - they run the ac on high all year	1520
0	i waited 20 minutes for 2 chicken shawarma wraps . was n't really worth the wait . customer service was n't great as no one really addressed us even though we were standing at the same spot for the entire duration . the person making the wraps at the time looked clueless . perhaps it was their opening weekend , but still , if you want to retain customers , you need to up your customer service and awareness . food was just average .	678
1	very busy on weekends , but definitely more food and cart options then during the weekdays , when you wo n't catch yourself in line . good food , the only dim sum in mississauga with sweet and sour pork feet w/ eggs ( sounds gross , but its believed to be very nutrional , as the vinegar in the soup helps purify the blood ) .	0
1	we got our new ford f250 bed sprayed - turned out great . no problems at all . only took a couple hours .	203
0	i had to leave this review because i ca n't believe employees are allowed to act this way , stephanie grimes in charge of inspections was so unprofessional , her tone of voice was so demeaning . there was a misunderstanding and instead of being helpful she was rude and very unprofessional . we had impeccable payment history , but we were n't treated like loyal tenants when it came to moving out .	32
0	i went in for a quick garmin purchase . after 10 minutes of finding no one to unlock the case i called the department , i heard a portable phone ringing and it stopped so i called again and followed the sound it was an employee ignoring the customer call ... . epic fail michael in electronics	3355
1	the absolute best dealership in the valley . i have bought my last five cars there . i will continue as long as they continue with their current business model . it was easy all five times . one deal we did on the phone and picked the car up after hours in less that 30 min . this is how it should be .	307
1	great service from milwaukee to madison . a few too many stops-with all due respect to goehrke 's corners.. goes right to mke . station should be at amtrak station where greyhound is .	3132
0	becareful with this shop i warn you they take advantage of customers that do n't know anything about cars and over price you . do n't recommend this shop to anyone they will over charge you for poor parts and labor . they seem like a nice family but , will take advantage of their customers . `` be aware ''	3762
1	first i got great customer service everyone was very helpful and nice . i did n't have see any security i and i was holding my drink the whole time . the clothes are from their line so yeah it 's `` expensive '' it 's the kardashians what do you expect , do n't be cheap . lol i love my shirt i bought : ) and im definitely going back next time !	2234
1	roto-rooter plumbers - date of service : 5/24/12 called roto-rooter for 2 clogged bathroom sinks and was able to get someone to the house the same day . the service man was very professional and efficient . he gave me the final amount before he performed the work , so there were no surprises . he worked quickly and immediately cleaned up after himself . he left the bathroom spotless . i would highlight recommend this company . thank you !	3913
0	awful attitude in the morning , i do n't understand why they r like that so early in the morning . if ur not a morning person , do n't ducking take morning shift , get your beauty sleep on . wake up , ducking smile when ppl ask for their coffee or water or whatever the heck we are buying from you , not begging or taking for free . i gave this place 1 star because well it 's brand new so it 's still nice and clean here . wait did i mention they throw your food around ? yah they do , like it in a school cafeteria or something .	3571
0	i ordered the philly steak and cheese pizza and plain wings ; it took over an hour for us to get our food . by the time it arrived , the pizza was cold . let me tell you , a philly steak pizza really loses its taste once it gets cold . the wings were hot , however they were buffalo style rather than plain . my wife can not handle spicy foods so she would not touch them . i feel like i not only wasted my time but also my money . they 'll never see another cent from me again .	954
0	i am writing this review from inside the store . i have been standing here for 15 to 20 minutes trying to find shoes for my daughter for back to school . no one has talk to me , no one has helped me , there 's nothing here in her size . the attendants walk by you but do n't say a word . i will never return .	2087
0	like i said . all that was checked out before i came in . and i stated that when i scheduled the appointment . the car is fixed now and i was not charged an absurd diagnostics fee . thanks for wasting my time and money .	1651
1	went in for a modem for new cox communication services . the knowledge of staff for what i needed was impeccable . i left with a router cause a modem was supplied for my phone line and needed only a wifi box . i felt confident by the staff with what i really needed . so glad i went to best buy .	494
0	used to be much better but the quality has gone down recently . drinks are chalky and way too sweet . wo n't be returning any time soon .	490
0	i have to write a review . my friends and i went there during winterlicious for lunch . we ordered almost every course on the menu except vegetarian ones . they were disappointing . they didnt even serve us bread . the service was great though .	785
1	cheryl is the best , she always does my hair great	3281
0	i 've been coming here for years , new ownership a few months back and since then the bartenders that has been here for years quit and service now is horrible . manager and other bartenders are rude only sit and talk to their friends . drinks are weak food has gone down hill i would not recommend coming here , ever . unless your friends with the manager or bartenders	114
1	i just went to this ups store and was pleasantly surprised to see it was under new ownership . when i first entered i expected the usual horrible service , but not this time , i was greeted with a friendly hello and attended to in a prompt and attentive manor . i was offered many choices on how to send my package but was steered in the the most efficient and affordable way . i left there feeling confident that my package was in good hands !	2279
0	wish i could give zero stars . black mountain condominiums are not well cared for at all ! water is shut off to the whole property without notice for hours . have not been able to use the pool except for a few months over the last few years . no one answers questions about the pool and doesnt return phone calls for days ! very very poor management	3608
0	i ordered a birthday cake , chocolate with salted carmel frosting it was the worst thing i ever ate , it did n't even taste like chocolate and the frosting was horrible ! ! i threw the entire thing in the garbage when i called to complain and ask for a refund the guy who i talked to was yelling at me i ended up hanging up on him because i was so appalled . needless to say i will never go there again .	3671
1	went here and they had what i needed , smokeless tobacco . it was cheaper than fry 's right next door . huge inventory of water pipes if that 's your thing . people are friendly . if they do n't have what you need they will order and stock it just for you . what else can you ask for ? as for the kids and the whippets , maybe we should be rating the kid 's parents one star . i 'm sure the use of whippets is just scratching the surface regarding what these `` kids '' are up to . we are not talking 11 year olds here .	3746
1	my trainer kelly is so amazing ! she really knows what she 's doing , and the results are fabulous !	3446
1	sure you can go to 3 speed down the street , and that ' l be fine , but you should really start your night at duffy 's . conveniently located on the same block as the cash for gold store , duffy 's is a classic dive in the best sense of the word . personally i like to avoid live music whenever possible , but if you 're into that , they have it in spades .	2732
1	went to disciple yesterday.. finally after a 2 month waiting period to see carlos . after putting the stencil on my arm he decided he could do better . started another stencil with even more detail than the first . he was able to give me exactly what i wanted and then some . nice to find a good artist who takes pride in their work . my wife has an appointment with him in couple weeks and i ca n't wait to see the finished product . i do plan on getting all my tats from carlos going forward .	2897
1	i have been a nurse for over 25 years . my back has had an extreme amount of wear and tear from moving patients and i have chronic back pain . dr wolff and his professional team are the epitome of high standards and care in the field of medicine and pain relief today . i have seen him 3 times in 15 years and each time have been able to achieve complete freedom from pain . absolutely the best care ! ! !	3566
1	truly the best service department hands down ! they are always very knowledgeable and take such great care of our van ! we appreciate the attention to details and not being up-sold on un-necessary repairs ! the staff at honda treat us just like family ! if you ever need any repairs on your honda call and ask for bobby krotonsky he is the best !	2210
1	goldfish swim school in wexford is amazing ! the staff is so friendly and always helpful and the instructors are patient and great with kids . my two year old fights me in going places but if i mention going to goldfish to swim and see miss marlayna and mr jeff he 's running to the car ! i 've been taking my kids there since january of 2015 and have had them with at least 8 different instructors and have loved every single one . you ca n't go wrong with goldfish in wexford !	2360
0	if you like cold food , order from here . i ordered the margherita and garlic cheese bread . both arrive very cold . driver did n't have a pen . wo n't be ordering from here again .	1191
0	garcia said she would send over a prescription for my son a week ago . i went to where she claimed to send it and nothing , i call and leave a message which the machine says they will call by the end of the business day and again nothing ! i have called many times and left messages and still no return call . worst customer service ever ! i will be switching doctors and will not recommend this place to anyone . i miss doctor conti he actually got things done !	2461
1	the staff was very friendly . my appointment was at 4:30 pm but i came in early and the staff was able to get me to see the doctor right away . dr. gorman was very friendly , professional and made me feel comfortable . got a great deal here as well . i just wish the staff has explained better to me about contact lenses since i 'm a first-time user . otherwise , i have no complaint .	403
1	straightforward and easy to use . the circuit is perfect for a quick workout . lots of cardio machines and a large free weight area . it is an unpretentious gym and i love it !	641
1	ordered delivery , it arrived on time and the food was n't soggy and it was still warm . big portions , i 'm pretty happy with my experience ordering from them .	459
1	my 3 kids have been going to this office for the past year , and they love to see the dentist . everyone is very sweet , we never have a long wait . they are also very helpful last year i took all the kids myself ( husband was deployed ) my 7 year old twins were put under for cavity fill and teeth extraction , and my 3 year old fell asleep watching a movie so i had three kids who needed to be carried to the car , the dentist and the staff helped me carry my kids to the car and buckle them up ! my family would recommend to all family and friends .	3472
1	there are several massage places in the chinatown area of lv but we decided to come here based off other yelpers . so glad we did ! i had full body massage $ 30 for 1hr . felt like a $ 150 massage ! no long wait , the lady i had was very strong and had good technique . forgot her name sorry !	735
1	i saw a post saying the wait is bad at this location . so , i thought i would say it 's never been a problem for me . you can schedule an appt online and they 'll take you right on time . it 's clean , professional , and friendly environment .	1077
0	checked in for 5 nights stay . clerk could not find my hhhonors account and told me to come back with number . how can you not find it , been a member for years . woke up third night to fire alarm in entire hotel . many guests evacuated to the street . this happened at midnight , and no explanation or apology . wont be staying here again .	73
1	this newly opened petsuites does a good job of caring for my puppy while i am at work . the facility is huge and the staff friendly ! they keep me updated on my puppy and take good care of her . if i forget food they have it on hand for a low charge so that she eats before i pick her up . the dog is always happy when i pick her up !	2679
1	there is no doubt that there are bargins to be had at ross . you can find great things in their housewares department if you need to stock a kitchen or just need some new utensils . you can find great bargins on kid 's clothes as well as adults clothes . luggage , lingerie , pj 's , fragrance , handbags and shoes oh my ! this location is particularly clean and organized . i have been to ross stores that were a complete mess and shopping there was more work than fun . i have been to this location several times and i will continue to go back as long as the management keeps up the good work with the organization .	2037
0	my one and only coffee shop . staff is so so so nice and make my drink perfect . love daisy mountain roasters ! update : since my last review i am sad to say i no longer frequent this coffee shop . all of the staff we loved one in particular ( lorien ) are no longer here and it shows in the drink making . coffee is not good . im sad because i loved this shop so much .	407
0	the service in the bar & grill was great . my server mitch took great care of me ... however the food ... . i would have been better off with a carl 's jr $ 6 burger . the hotel staff in my hotel even told me their burgers were great . far from the truth . the black and blue burger gave me a black eye ! ouch ... the fries a double smack in the face .	3503
1	names have been obscured to preserve anonymity for the gracious as well as the grateful . not only are the options for loaded french fries outstanding , but so are the wings . the ambiance is to be expected for this type of quick serve establishment , but it 's just not my type of hangout . service was quick and courteous , and my cousin received a courtesy above and beyond when he left his credit card there .	1566
0	paid for a more expensive car detail they called me 6 hours later to tell me it was ready and when i got there none of the interior was even cleaned except the carpets . it looks worse than a basic car wash package . i seriously doubt they even did any of the waxing on the exterior but how would you even know unless you stayed and watched them the whole time ? i wish i had checked out the reviews of this place before i purchased a detail . i hope this will help somebody else in the future .	3899
1	i saw this show for free -- and considering that i did not pay for the show , it was actually pretty cool . the ads for this show claim that it is topless , etc. , but actually , not all the girls are topless , and it is actually quite tasteful . for what it is , its a good show . . it has a really `` old las vegas '' type of feel and if that is the type of show you are looking for , then i would recommend this .	3069
1	cool spot ! ! never had it before my daughter recommended it . she was right . very clean and great food .	964
0	truly horrible experience ! ! ! they do n't have a problem deceiving their customers and when it comes to the results they are unapologetic ! ! ! i spent over $ 2500 , for less than 40 % hair reduction in one area ! ! ! when i confronted them , i was told `` hair is unpredictable ... be happy with the results ... you have less hair than before '' ! i contacted the regional manager who informed me that there is nothing they can do ! ! ! i ca n't say enough of how disappointed i 'm from this experience : (	3019
1	i had a wonderful buying experience with aleksandr jesenikov in purchasing my new 2015 nissan sentra . he was helpful and friendly . he understood my budget and time constraints and accommodated me .	2137
0	was planning to purchase a groupon special ( 70 min massage for $ 49 plus 20 % promo code = $ 39 ) but the guy on the phone said he could n't do the additional promo code and if i did n't go through groupon he could offer a 70 min massage for $ 45 . in the end , for $ 45 they only did a 50 min massage and they still expected a tip ! tip is given for good service ! the masseuse did n't do a good job either . she seemed new and inexperienced .	2320
0	they got in me quick and were friendly but there is a gap between my cuticle and the nail . looks like a week of growth already and i just walked to my car .	1429
1	a cute boutique café tucked in the corner of fcp . came here to try out their lattes and cappuccinos . it was creamy and delicious . + stars for the decor which reminds me of parisian cafés . ( especially the bunny decors : d ! ! ) they have a salad bar available which i plan on trying later on - also try the lavender hot chocolate , which i 've heard good reviews for .	207
0	the service was ok it took a very long time for a burger 1 hour and 15 minutes to be exact i do n't recommend this place for children the food was ok the fried pickles were delicious . there was something in the water and they ran out of chicken which is unfortunate the waitress was kind and tried to get us a discount which she had tried before we asked but her manager denied and we had request one and then he gave us the discount .	717
1	recently opened , bright and freshly renovated dining area , experienced kitchen , wait , and management . what 's not to like ? food is delicious , healthy and consistent . the owners of this restaurant were managers of the popular im ga ne down the street . open 24hrs , reasonable prices . check it out !	1290
1	bought new tires a couple months ago and one went out . i just had it check and all they did was fill it up . came to this location today and jerry took care of my tire for me . i appreciate it !	3158
1	i love this hotel . i have been coming here every month for the past year and have been never disappointed . i was a little put off when they started in with the valet parking when the super bowl was here but really grew to like it because the valets are so damn cool and actually remember you from visit to visit . since i only have been here for corporate stays i ca n't speak to the value for the stay but it is so close to westgate it is easy to go have a nice dinner and people watch . the desk people are really nice and the concierge level is second to none .	1656
1	first time having authentic vietnamese food and it was really great . from the time we walked in until we left everyone was beyond willing to help and the overall atmosphere was great . i had the seafood pho and my boyfriend had the shrimp fried rice . everything was great a must try !	947
0	ice cream was great but the charge an undisclosed `` cnf '' fee ? when i asked what that was i was told it was an extra charge for being in `` a high profile location '' . total bs ... shame on you helixx ice cream !	3722
1	hands down , best car wash in vegas , 115 degrees out and these kids are busting cars out with smiles , highly recommend monthly membership , comes with vacuum free smiles . i added a second car to membership for only $ 10 .	2093
1	i love best buy , but this review is really about the bose mie2 headphones , these ear buds put out great base and awesome overall sound , i highly recommend them if you are a music lover like i am . you will be very happy with them.they expose you to absolute music bliss .	494
1	the employees are nice and helpful . good amount of selection here . there are chairs in the corners of the store for the guys waiting for their girlfriend or wife to finishing shopping .	3133
0	one person at the front desk on a friday . no manager on a saturday . the lack of communication between staff and management is something to work on . i hope for the sake of your employees you keep them in the loop about what 's going on .	3337
0	every year i look forward to eating here on our annual trek to vegas and this time i left totally disappointed . ordered the lobster grilled cheese like i always do and was left wondering what i really was eating . there was hardly any cheese and the lobster appeared to be breaded . normally this sammy is ooey gooey cheesy goodness with fresh ( not breaded ) lobster . for $ 26 i at least expect the cheese to be melted . stars are for the warm sourdough rolls and new england chowder which was creamy and had a decent amount of clams . unfortunately i wo n't be back .	1255
1	food and service were really good . not licenced yet ( it 's supposed to be in the mail ) . unassuming little spot good for a quick dinner or hearty breakfast . big portions . best meal in any direction for several kms .	713
1	if you 're looking for an agent that is friendly and has amazing customer service see kate olson . she got me auto , renters , and life insurance and i can always text her with any questions i have regarding my policy . `` like a good neighbor , kate olson is there ! ! ! ! ''	2675
0	scheduled an appointment online and appointment was confirmed via text . the groomer called 15 minutes after appointment time and said she lost her truck keys , but was right down the street and she would give me a call to let me know whether or not she was going to make it . groomer never showed up or called back . usually i have much better service with pampered pets , but unfortunately i will have to find a new groomer . myself and my 3 dogs are very disappointed .	1218
0	we had the worst 77 page inspection . they wrote that the beams/rafters were cut . no , this is how the builder put in vaulted ceilings . an inspector should know that . he broke a cabinet and left it . put the air conditioning down to 72 degrees and left it . they wrote things in this report and then stated this was normal for the age of the house . this inspection would scare any potential buyer . not very educated for a home inspector .	3542
0	i have tried this location 3 times and it did not improve . the cashier was rude & obviously did not want to be at work . i ordered steak street tacos , got chicken . when my husband started to tell the girl who brought them to our table , she turned around & walked off . honestly , the only part of the meal that was good were the chips & salsa . i think it will have to be a three-strikes-you're-out with this location .	1245
0	make this music stop omg i think blood is spewing from my ears . music is geared toward 12 year olds that are hard of hearing . couches are great and i would love it but this loud music is making me crazy ! ! ! ! ! !	3296
1	this place is yummy , the choice of a whole wheat bun gives it extra points . i wish there was a smashburger in durango , co ... . oh well until that time i will continue to eat at this wonderful burger place in the phx airport !	669
1	jubilee is great , especially when you get complimentary tickets from bally 's as a hotel guest .	3069
1	this is my favorite pub in the city . all food is made in house and delicious ! always a friendly face at the bar !	348
0	i 'm sorry to say my experience was pretty bad . i showed up for my appointment and no one was there despite a confirmation from michelle ( owner ) 2 days before the appointment . not even the respect of a phone call since . i lined up a sitter for my newborn and drove the 30 minutes , paid the garage parking fee and waited 20 minutes . in asking around , i 've learned she 's notorious for this . not surprising this was a prepaid service i had booked through a groupon deal . what a scam . and she 's still running deals through today ! dont waste your time or money .	750
0	poorest excuse for a doctors office . do n't waste your money . was seen twice for a sinus infection and ca n't get them to right a prescription for an antibiotic . called the office and was told i 'm `` not allowed '' to talk to the doctor .	770
1	ordered beef rib ( spicy ) , lamb , and chicken ( spicy ) tacos . three tacos were enough to fill me up for lunch . best tacos i 've ever had !	1469
1	i had the veggie ramen here and i really loved it ! you can choose between a pork or vegetarian broth , which was awesome . i also added an egg for $ 2 which at first i thought was a little pricy , but the egg boasted a ton of flavor . the restaurant was packed at lunch time , but the staff works very hard and efficiently to get everyone 's orders in and out quickly . also- the portion of ramen was large and i got two meals out of it !	812
1	i highly recommend this sexy uber posh restaurant in las vegas . the service , the food , the ambiance are great . the gm takes great care of you and makes sure you are very happy . if you are in vegas for only one night and want to have a great time ... beso is it .	971
1	really a fantastic combination of excellent service good food , perfect portions and great coffee . if you 're looking for something quick and easy quality and price correctly it 's makers & finders .	1332
0	i tried to go here but they would n't see me because i only had my military id card and not my tricare card . they said it was the doctor 's policy . i ended up going to boulder quick care instead . the staff seemed friendly , but it still annoyed me that i could n't be seen . i was visiting from out of state and had left my tricare card in my suitcase , but from my previous experiences with other urgent care facilities and from the tricare website , my military id ( which has my beneficiary id on it ) should have sufficed .	1466
1	my mistress ms. vegas , you an evil ass ho ! i 'll be back in yo bed asap ! ! love , john doe .	315
0	pho was less than average . not a lot of flavor , did n't bring the veggies out ( until we asked for it ) , or the hoisin & siracha . service was poor ! very arrogant and rude from the 2 out of 3 people that worked there . the bun bo hue was decent , they charge $ 2 for pig feet , but they did n't tell me and they made it sound like it was included . would n't come back . we enjoyed superior pho better . we would 've came back if they were n't so rude .	784
0	i contacted carlos the first day and got a reply within 30 mins which was great . i asked for a carpet repair quote and he had a great price , even said he had carpet that may match the repair i needed . after contacting him for 5 days and receiving no reply i gave up .	2495
0	the concept of this place is great , but it 's really kind of a dump ... and way overpriced . the lady today told me that `` it is easier to cut when it 's clean '' ( because he was a little sweaty ) , but failed to mention that she would be tacking an extra $ 3 for an already overpriced $ 16 haircut . what a rip off . not to mention , the store is dirty . my kids love coming here , but sadly this is our last time .	3087
1	i love this store ! i definitely find more here than at micheal 's ! i do n't know why there are so many negative reviews as far as customer service . i 've never had bad customer service here ! everyone is always willing to help , i will say sometimes its hard to find an employee to get help , but once you do they are most willing to help ! i love this store !	1937
1	great experience here for a group activity ! service was so great and a fun place to bowl . bonus was that the shoes seemed brand new ! the pizza served leaved a little to be desired , but the kids did n't seem to be phased . the place is very clean and it was easy to get staff attention if necessary . gender neutral bathrooms available and plentiful free parking in a lot across the street !	467
1	they have a great juice selection . my only complaint is the service tends to be on the slower side . do n't stop if you 're in a hurry .	3026
0	i have walked out of this location 4 times already ! why ? no one working the cash register . plenty of employees standing around doing nothing and watch you as you stand at the register but refuse to check anyone out . rediculous ! everytime you go in it 's the same thing ! ! !	2263
1	i always rate service stations by there beer selection . i am not a fan of bud , miller or coors . what can i say been there done that . i have other tastes i need to fulfill . this place has a decent micro and craft beer section . they also carry great basin which is a nevada brewery in reno/sparks area . the `` icky '' is awesome . try a sixer and support nv businesses . if you like message me and we can split toast to local biz . enjoy !	3814
0	this place is rude and treated me like i could not afford over the counter medication . the guy that worked there treated me so badly that i will never go back again . they should really learn some customer service skills .	1372
1	after a bad experience at super star car wash on 19th ave and baseline , i decided to take my truck here to cobblestone . i only have one suggestion for this location , i think there needs to be larger roller brushes for the tire dressing section . the tire dressing only got 2-3 '' of my sidewall . but aside of that , this place did n't turn me away for having a little mud on my truck like super star did and because they did n't turn me away i went ahead and got their membership . kudos to cobblestone , suck it easy super star !	1790
1	love their shakes and the real fruit slush with real strawberries rocks . they always have deals going on .	844
1	made the switch back to at & t and it was painless ! steph greeted me at the door and immediately helped me out . wanted to keep the same number and despite running into a slight porting issue , she called whoever and made it happen ! you rock girl ! she was super friendly and had me in/out of the store within the hour . definitely would recommend this corporate at & t location : )	2749
0	i locked my keys in my car . i was quoted to start at $ 60 over the phone . he came and said it would be $ 100 . he unlocked it in less than 30 seconds and charged me $ 100 . customer service was good and he came out right away and got the job done .	3095
0	this is for the groomers . my dog was turned away from service for barking too loudly . he 's been that way for the four years i 've had him , and training is not working obviously . i have never had a grooming salon turn him away for that , ever , and he 's had service regularly . this was my first visit at this location and last . i 'm disappointed . the groomers seemed irritated and impatient . i 'm just disappointed .	3094
1	we have used frost appliance for refrigerator , washing machine , dryer , and dishwasher repairs and maintenance over the last 15+ years . they always come through with timely and cost effective repairs and upgrades to our older equipment . their advise on when to get new appliances has also been very sound . they are first rate and the cost is very moderate . well done frost appliance !	2890
1	stopped in on my way home from work one morning last week and found a wonderful surprise inside . a very friendly/helpful staff , & great donuts . donuts like you have n't seen around here sadly the place has closed . landlord hard to deal with , so he closed up shop .	2051
0	made a 9:30 appnt , it was confirmed , show up on time at 9:30 doors are locked , call them up and he ( sam ) says he will be there at 10 . ! ! ! wow what a crazy first impression ! ! ! completely disrespectful of people 's time ! ! !	3206
1	the most flavorful food and friendly staff ! we have been to some of the finest restaurants in las vegas this week and many were good but this tops them all !	1534
1	excellent service . craig and chad are awesome guys . they helped me get out of a bad situation . all you have to do is pay your car payment on time and they wo n't repo your car . it 's pretty simple .	3518
1	i 've stayed here twice now , and i love the staff here . the rooms are very clean and comfy , free wifi for guest and shuttle to airport . just what i need and reasonably good prices for a crown plaza . thanks , always enjoy my stays here . brittany on the desk is the best !	1786
1	not at all what i expected ! donny tackett @ land rover las vegas really went above and beyond to make our deal happen . he came in on his day off and took care of us on the purchase of a new range rover . nothing like an experienced salesperson to help with the process . i highly recommend donny as well as the dealer . lowest price i could find on the west coast . thanks again !	2659
1	they only sell women 's clothes here . came here on a week night . store was clean and organized , even the sale section . it was n't ransacked like the ones back in sj . fitting room floors were dusty so they could use a cleaning . staff was pretty friendly . successful shopping trip ; came out with a pair of flats and a skirt .	3650
0	terrible service ! i went in for an hour service and the groupon sad $ 28 . she said ok you pay here . then when massage was over she said i needed to pay $ 35 . i told her groupon said $ 28 she said no $ 35 so i said fine and handed her $ 40 she said no ! mandatory tip $ 10 ! i said that would have been fine if she did n't charge me $ 7 more then groupon said . then she stopped during massage several times to help other people . and did not compensate for the missed time , my massage was exactly 1/hr . very disappointed . i will not be returning or referring	463
0	calling in the order , saying `` we would like _____________ arrangement on your website '' is n't specific enough for the ordering process . when the arrangement arrived , it was vastly different from the online photo , the only similarity being in that the arrangement was considered a planter ; the received arrangement was absolutely dreadful . though measures were taken from a customer service standpoint to remedy and a partial refund was issued , suggesting the failure lie on my part to understand the floral community and that `` a planter is a planter '' was laughable . patronizing unhappy customers with excuses and finger-pointing is unprofessional .	3547
0	not so good . extremely slow service . chicken not very tasty . instant mashed potatoes . gravy no flavor . as we were eating there were 15 people waiting in line for service . pretty expensive for what you get . we wont be back .	862
0	this place is a joke ! especially when holding facebook contests . definitely favoritism ! ca n't be trusted !	3173
1	great place to see a show ! generate rogue bar playlists at http : //www.playlisthq.com/default.aspx ? venueid=104666 & venuename=rogue % 20bar ! !	2045
1	my boyfriend and i love this sushi place . we have tried so many , and none are ever as good as the sushi . the food is delicious and the service is always great . it 's not all you can eat but it 's not crazy expensive . we live in henderson and this is the only sushi place we will go to now .	408
1	i took my bike in for the first time in nearly 7 years . they set me up with ... - new tires - new tubes - usb rechargeable reflectors - overall tune up for the bike the bike rode nicely before , in my opinion , but i am amazed at how much smoother of a ride it is now ! the service was fantastic and the turnaround time was just 3 days .	1625
1	great pizza joint . but a lot of bread in the pizza pies . it 's great for families and get get togethers . not a lot of sound absorption so it can get rather noisy . the help is friendly and attentive . i ca n't wait to go back so i can try a regular style pizza . that 's it .	192
1	just met a nice gentleman at 24 fitness summerlin location . he asked if i could leave a review regarding valet service for car washes . i would love this service ! it would be great to work out and have my car washed at the same time ! i vote for that service . thanks !	2198
0	if there was less then one star i would give that to this place they or actually the owner has no or zero skills about customer service .	3000
1	delicious food ! loved their samosas and khasta kachories with cilantro and tamrind dips , onion and sev . they make good jain food if you order it in advance . the owners rubiji and her spouse are very sweet people . mainly caters their food . smaller set up on the ridge road , parma ; however , food is awesome ! their aloo gobhi and palak paneer must try . kalpesh and neha strongsville , ohio	1507
0	i love best buy for small electronics , but you should never purchase any large appliances ( refrigerator , etc . ) from them or their affiliate , pacific sales . this place is a disaster . they have nice model units and sales staff , but god help you if you actually stoop to buying anything . your delivery will be late , or incomplete , or damaged . guaranteed . they will give you a three-hour delivery window and miss that window by hours , if your items arrive at all . i have now had three go-rounds trying to get a simple refrigerator delivered . what a joke . shop here if you must , but buy from somewhere , anywhere else	494
1	first i want to thank danny for a great fade ! also my overall experience was that everyone at the shop is very welcoming and nice ! i had a good convo while getting my cut , he used a hot towel and a straight razor to finish the lineup ... . also i 've all but stopped going to barbershops because of bad experiences in the past ... but i will definitely return here ! thanks again !	2591
0	this place is really big , and almost impossible for just browsing , unless you want to kill some time . i think the best strategy is to go in looking for something specific , otherwise it 's quite dangerous and you might get lost in there . prices are similar stores like kitchen stuff plus ( which i still prefer ) , but be on the lookout for one of their deals . there 's also not a lot people to help you out , not very friendly .	2456
0	sorry p.j . lovers . not a $ $ restaurant try $ $ $ . a $ 17 burger should be better than that . they also need to learn how to cook lobster . should be white and firm not clear and mushy . the menu states grilled sorry not what i was server . lobster was served with out sides thus the $ $ $ . but the the fries were good to bad the rest of the meal did not come close .	1538
0	so sad.had dinner at the thai house tonight.this use to be a very good restaurant . food was terrible.thom kha soup was super sweet..tasted like sugar water . had the kang musaman.greasy and lots of peanuts.this use to be one of their best.dont know what has happened.service was not what it use to be . will be going to mai thai ii at concord mills from now on. ! ! ! ! ! !	895
0	i finally paid for an expensive beard trimmer here and use it rarely but after the battery died for the first time it would n't work any further . i talked to the manager betty and she informed me that i need to contact the manufacturer knowing the product was bought there and was faulty . most everywhere would work with you and at least allow an exchange .	690
0	the valley ho is not considered one of the top tier spas in az , but it is certainly not the worst either . it 's more kind of meh + needs improvement . i 'll probably give it one more chance .	3287
1	finally an asian food market that 's close by ! love it ! clean since it 's still new . workers are nice and they sell filipino food too ! ! !	1595
1	my friends love this place . they visit vegas a few times a year and make this place a regular part of their trip . they usually go in a group of 3-4 and the staff always treat them really well . even convinced me to tag along on occasion and i 'll admit that i love how they clean up the dead skin around my finger tips - hang nail problems go away .	544
1	dr. gibson and her whole practice and employees are amazing ! she is so knowledgeable and kind , she really takes time to help you feel better and answers questions with patience and thoroughness . in addition all of her staff including receptionists and nurses are stellar . i very highly recommend her to anyone in the area as she has made going to the doctor enjoyable which i never knew could happen .	676
0	overpriced food and drinks . dirty , scummy dive of a bar . i would avoid this place at all costs . even the staff seem to hate it there .	2942
0	if you like horrible customer service then this is the place to go . they do n't care about their customers and would rather turn you away than fix the mistake they make with your hair . the manager that i dealt with has no idea how to treat clients . she basically insinuated that i was lying and took the staff member 's words over mine even though another staff member there agreed that my hair did not turn out like the pictures i showed my colourist during my consultation . avoid this place at all costs . never going back .	2509
0	food was good , but site said they had coke , but pepsi was delivered . so , not ok. site needs to be updated , because these drinks are not the same . also ordered 2 cokes and only 1 pepsi was delivered . so far , not impressed with the service .	1519
0	i have been going to this location since it opened . usually is a good experience but not as of late . one of these times they 'll get my order right .	572
1	the best part of this place is the atmosphere ! drinks are delicious ! food is good not great but it makes for a fun night out !	632
1	only reason i 'm not giving this place 5 stars is because it is designed as a fast food asian joint and is not a fancy , sit down type restaurant . everything else about this place is stellar . you literally have over a dozen things to select from to build your plate . i 'm a sucker for orange chicken and this place does it perfectly . also their shrimp here is fantastic . whenever i 'm in parma visiting my buddy , we tend to pick this place over other options . good value and great food make this place a no-brainer .	1075
1	found desert living through the home depot . chris came out promptly and gave us a good estimate but more than that he listened to what i wanted and offered advice which was very helpful . jorge and his team did an excellent job , very professional and pleasant also . we are so pleased with the finished project . highly recommended.thanks all !	2388
0	this used to be one one of my favorite places to eat in vegas . i looked forward to eating here for a year and was greatly disappointed . the lobster grilled cheese used to be the best sandwich i had ever had but it has changed and not for the better . it is lacking in cheese content , it is supposed a cheese sandwich after all . the clam chowder is still decent but my bowl was a bit gritty . the fish and chips my brother ordered was amazing so that is what gets the two stars . overall a highly disappointing experience	1255
0	purchased their groupon a few months ago , after being impressed by all the great reviews . called in december to book an appointment , no call back . called in january to make an appointment , no call back . february ... same thing . the groupon expires 2/21/17 so now instead of getting a `` bumper to bumper scratch and blemish repair '' for my car , i now have the headache of somehow getting a refund . very strange .	2888
0	only thing good about this walgreens is that it 's open 24 hours . all their prices are higher than all the other walgreens . the manager says it 's because they are considered a `` strip '' location . they have to be at least 4-5 mile from the strip . there is already a location that 's actually on the strip , now i can understand that location having higher prices . some items have a $ 10 dollar difference , cmon . i avoid this location	2463
1	worked very well with cigna getting approval right away , kind people and very efficient at getting report back to our primary care doc . we recommend dvr .	554
0	so so so bad . this store 's pro service dropped the wrong nails for a hardie siding installation that would have voided the warranty . when i took them back and tried to get the right ones they did n't know which ones i should use for a product they sold . i was told that `` home depot does n't help customers that way anymore . you have to know what you need before you come here . '' that is almost a direct quote .	2842
1	very professional staff . i really liked the way the doctor was training the new assistant . he was very positive and detailed in what he was asking for . i 'm not a very good dentist patient in fact i get panic attacks but they made me feel relaxed and comfortable . thank you ! ! !	3752
0	called to order a general tao , very bad attitude , feeling like i am not a client but someone who is begging food . was a regular with them but not anymore .	1336
0	please stay away for pedicures . worse pedicure ever feet looked worse than before i came . then $ 25 for basically a nail polish change . what a waste of time if there were zero stars i would rate it that way	1099
0	customer service is non-existent . do n't expect any help from jordan ! no one answers the phone at corporate . i will be terminating membership if they ever answer the phone .	1314
1	this is my absolute favorite health food store . the prices here beat any of the other places i 've checked around the city ( i 've checked many . ) on average at least $ 2+ cheaper for the items i usually buy . it 's tight , but that does n't bother me . i live nearby at the moment but will be moving soon and will make the trip back because it is worth it !	2164
1	excellent addition to the north scottsdale restaurant options . the food was great . we got the charcuterie , french dip , salmon , and the kale salad . each dish was excellent . cody was our server , and was one of the most fun servers we have ever had . we will definitely be returning , and bringing others along with us . a++	1529
1	our boys love attending swim class here . ms. victoria and ms. mya are teaching our boys water safety and swimming techniques . we also love that the pool is saline and not chlorine .	2856
1	i have used this car wash a few times now and i like it very much.the only reason i 'm giving it 5 stars is because on my last visit i was told i wo n't get a wet towel with basic wash anymore . it was nice when they use to handed it to you before entering the wash .	1790
1	this is for the starbucks inside safeway . these people are my favorite starbucks folks . they have my drink memorized and i '' m not a daily addict either ! they are fast with service and my drink is perfect . mysterious is great and makes you feel like family . i also like the periodic surveys where if i do them my next tall peppermint mocha is on the house . got ta love it .	2316
0	ordered two classic rto pad thai ( shrimp and chicken ) and one green curry chicken takeout . pad thai was completely coated in oil and ketchup , not a trace of pad thai sauce . no peanuts and almost no chicken , honestly one of the worst pad thai i 've ever experienced . definitely not worth $ 11.50 . green curry was very tasty with a strong coconut flavor ( would recommend over their pad thai ) ! service was polite , but the woman did not give us any napkins for our food . this would n't be my first choice for malay/thai food , but if you do go , give the curry a shot .	1501
1	after a lot of research i decided on the hyundai sonata ltd. as the car i wanted , and visited a few dealers . at san tan i found people that i could deal with in a friendly manner . no high pressure foolishness that pitted the buyer against the seller . the car i wanted right down to the mud flaps was in stock and i drove it home that morning after some back and forth dealing on a price that i found perfectly acceptable . it was all about the art of the deal . good car from a good dealership . ( we 'll see how the service dept . does in the future )	3041
0	this restaurant is filthy . tabletops so sticky you must keep your arms off the tables and struggle to raise your glass off it . restrooms are dirty . floors are filthy . wait staff is not attentive . sent glass back with floaty things in it . food lost its appeal .	1458
0	just fight off your hunger and have only drinks . this place is so overpriced ( which is expected ) . but the burgers ... ew . i took the patty off and just had the bread and other fixings . it has the consistency of rubber and is painfully bad . service was prompt , tho .	604
0	friendly , average price but not happy with results of my nails . i mentioned them bubbling and fuzz getting in the polish but she reassured me the gel top coat would fix it . of course it did n't but by then i 'm sealed in and being given my total without even asking if i was satisfied . so i paid , tipped and left . i just would n't go back because there was no follow up regarding the flaws that was brought to their attention . see photos*	3021
1	i was hit from behind in a minor accident.i am a very busy working mom and full time student . so i waited a month to get my repairs started because i thought it would take forever . but i was so wrong ! brandy and john at caliber collision at the lone mountain team finished my car in 2 days plus , had filled my tires and clean my car inside and out ! thank you for your awesome service ... it is rare to find such great , quick , accurate service that does not rip you off , now in days ! thank you enterprise as well ! they made such a great team and made my troubles go away with a smile !	1819
1	exceptional customer service since i walked in the store ! they also had amazing deals i could not refuse to & got extra discounts for purchasing more than 1 wallet . if you 're into this brand , i 'd definitely recommend coming here to save extra money if that 's what you like !	3133
1	it 's a make-you-own-bowl type of thing and they cook it for you hibachi style . there 's so many choices of meat , veggies , seasonings and sauces to choose from ! and on your birthday you get a 'to die for ' brownie with ice cream . everytime i go there , service has always been great , and i go a lot . i would highly recommend .	209
1	great customer service . very clean . fast service . helpful . let us bring in our own hookah was very polite about it . really like this place good food too .	1229
0	way over priced ! ! ! had an error code on my washing machine and advanced tech came out had the part with him and installed in less than 10 minutes . total cost was $ 400 ( ~ $ 70 to come to my house , $ 240 for the part , $ 60 labor yes i am rounding these down ) sure it was fixed but after a little research the same part was ~ $ 100 on amazon and travel+labor was $ 130 did i mention it was 10 minutes worth of labor ? this is your warning they may do good work but expect to pay for it . $ $ $ $ $ $ $	722
1	i go every week to bowlmor some weeks multiple times . jordan is my absolute favorite waiter . sweet ally behind the counter is always smiling and ready to make me laugh ! great service , music , & food ! got ta check this place out .	3296
1	this place is legit and gus is great . a tad eccentric -- but great . i went there because i had a living social coupon for a custom suit . i upgraded and spent extra but whoa . totally worth it because i love the finished product ! i had no idea there were so many decisions , but i liked that . my only ( very minor ) complaint is it took a little too long for my liking to actually get the suit after picking everything out and getting the measurements . plan ahead and get there at least a few weeks early if the suit is for a special occasion .	442
0	the management and staff are completely unprofessional they start the job so that your nail polish is filed off and then they tell you how much it costs they are extremely over priced and if you question why so expensive they get rude call clients lol cheap and use foul language the salon is dirty the people are rude stay away from this place you will save yourself money , probably a fungus infection and you do not have to deal with extremely rude people this place is the worst stay away from todays nails	2686
1	had my eye on a red camry . we came here twice , two weeks apart , to test drive a car . the price is the same regardless . these guys are upfront with the `` lowest price '' they can give so there 's not much bargaining you can do . our 2nd guy was kris and he was very friendly and not pushy . i love how they show us the pricesheet so you know exactly what you 're paying , the interest , and the monthly payment . there was no pressure to purchase right away on the same day unlike the honda dealer that we went to .	307
0	arrived here 5 mins before closing and was turned away by the teenage girl working , even though there was 5 other kids dining inside . all we wanted was two slices . very disappointed by this , especially since we enjoy their pizza very much . perhaps the owners should give this teen proper training in customer service . maybe then , she would n't have all her teenage friends there hanging out after hours . make sure to go here during lunch hours , when actual adults are working .	417
0	there are disappointed in this tour the host failed to communicate via text message only a spam email was sent out and hostwas nowhere to be found management was contacted about was unwilling to help with any requests was told they would call back and heard nothing we used city passes to book this tour and i will not do the same mistake again very unprofessional day over stuff their party buses and our party bus broke down on the crawl before this overall very dissatisfied with vegas rockstar invest your money somewhere else	2122
0	i was there with a group of six . we all ordered different items and all felt the food was mediocre except for one member of our party that ordered a hamburger . he commented that the burger tasted funny and left most of it uneaten . he decided later to try another bite and found a piece of plastic in the burger . who knows what else was in it . the rolls were good . the sides were decent . the beer was cold . that is the best i can say about the experience .	1491
0	the one and only cashier working was so slow and chatted with every customer while there is a long line . i never seen anything like it ! shooting the breeze while there is a long line of people who have other things to do is unacceptable . with all the other negative reviews i hope they get there act together because sephora has much better service and hate to see another store close .	2479
1	my husband and i went on our first date here . . we came back a year later and the man remembered us and even remembered the table we sat at ! went again about 6 months later and he remembered us and that our normal table was taken ! the food is delicious and the service is great . the restaurant is very small but that will not prevent me from going back !	1486
1	denny 's is closed for remodel . so excited ! ! great food , great service in a new dining space , ca n't wait ! ! thank you all . see you saturday morning for breakfast for the ... new triple bacon sample ... honey jalapeño bacon ... mmm !	1262
0	does not live up to what you expect from a fairmont hotel . very very small room on gold level and noisy , i could even hear when the room next to mine turned off the light ! ! ! ! cracked faucet in bathroom etc . on my next stay i had a king suite , but no safe . and no bathrobes which i expected for a suite at that price .	1671
1	we picked up our reserved car today and bri was our agent . she explained everything really well and allowed us to easily choose different options . i do n't think anyone i have rented from in the past has ever explained the features of the car so thoroughly and efficiently . kudos bri ... i could only hope that you or someone like you could take care of us in the future .	269
1	last time i gave them 4 stars but i 'm giving them 5 now bcuz dr.fliesher is the best ! ! screw the wait time i would wait anyday for dr.fliesher to deliver my baby . 6 weeks ago he delivered my son and i have to say he is amazing . i have 2 kids my daughter i gave birth to in ny and i also had a great doctor there but he really knows what he 's doing . i was iffy about him at first , i was really thinking about changing to a different doctor but i 'm real glad i did n't . if u want a good doctor to deliver your baby he 's the one ! i had no problems	3059
1	my sister always parks here when she travels as it 's much cheaper than parking at the airport . so when i needed to travel and it was n't for work , i decided to park here as well . the shuttles run constantly and they pick you up right at your car ! so there is no waiting and it 's much cheaper than parking at the airport . there 's often groupon deals available so you can usually pay less than $ 8/day . i 'm a fan !	2531
0	exorbitantly overpriced . i brought in a 9 # maltipoo , a 30 # cavalier , and a 65 # husky mix and was billed $ 240 ! they had the nerve to ask for a gratuity . none of them were matted or dirty ... they are all house pets . there are plenty of competent groomers who will do a great job for less . i was very disappointed and will not be back .	3290
1	very good food with a friendly atmosphere . owner and staff seem really nice . i hope they can stay in business with the rent increases that have been happening in their neighbourhood . mainly a take out spot but there are a couple of tables for dining in too . great marinara sauce on the customized veggie pizza that i ordered . super tasty . i also like the thin crust which is a bit chewy and delicious .	754
0	after a dozen plus visits service changed over here and treated me terribly . does not understand the value of franchise accounts . do n't bother .	833
1	from salesman tom salem to finance specialist jon i was treated fairly and respectfully . i am delighted with my trade and love my new lexus ! this is is my 3rd lexus , but my first purchase at the arrowhead store . i will continue as a loyal lexus customer but now loyal to arrowhead as well .	3065
1	went here this morning , and had an amazing waitress , and the food came out hot , and correct . we go to this location every other month or so , and usually have a very pleasant experience . we usually have at least a party of 7 , and have never had an issue with getting a table in a reasonable amount of time .	1267
1	i have had the pleasure of working with chris on several different projects and have found his professionalism and dedication to get the job done on time and on budget to be solid every time . his crew has always been polite , clean and respectful which has not always been my experience with other contractors . i highly recommend chris & desert living gc 's if you want your project done right !	2388
0	took my car here for an oil change , and when they took it in the back the manager told the mechanic that was working on my car to leave and pick up a lady at her house , whole there were 3 other mechanics conversing on the side . so that added another 20 mins to my overall time and when i confronted him about it he thought he did nothing wrong . also they have me a quote of $ 900 for a control arm that cost me $ 300 at the shop down the street . never go here	1871
0	this is the third year i have stayed there and have never had a problem till this year.we checked out and with in three hours i call back to let the hotel know that i had left a brand-new pair para pants and a brand-new giants t-shirt and i was told that the room was checked and nothing was found . i believe it was found by housekeeping never turned in . but point is not the clothes but it 's honesty . i would never stay at this hotel again . management was so unfriendly .	3832
1	they just opened in september 2013 . it 's nice to finally see a starbucks in lorain . having grown up here i admire businesses that try to revive a town/city . great location just off a main road , the place is immaculate . i will have to come back !	2206
0	i made an appointment and was there 10 minutes early just so i wo n't be late . after sitting down for 15 minutes , i was acknowledged by the barber so he knew i was there waiting for him . after 20 minutes , he was still taking his time with the client he had before me and did n't seem anywhere close to finishing . this was my second time going to this place thinking that my second experience would be better . i would not recommend this place at all .	761
0	so i always go here and get 2 breakfast sandwiches.today some young kid made a face about going in the back for them.it 's sunday morning so they do n't respect this.he gave me 2.i got home and they were not even microwaved ... .	3797
1	these groomers are the best . my buckwheat loves them and they treat him with love ... .in fact , they spoil him while he 's there . they also give him snacks to go because buckwheat is a super sweet black cocker . amanda and autumn do an outstanding job . my family just recently moved from green valley ranch to rhodes ranch and i will be bringing him back to them for his grooms .	2174
0	visiting my hometown cle with my kids for our annual vacation and chose to try play cle . had no idea that you had to be fitted for a harness in a line that took over our two hour time allotment you get when you sign in . why are we going to pay for two hours of play to spend almost all of it in a line ? ! that and my three-year-old had practically nothing to do ... had no idea . such a waste of time and money .	3677
1	office 6 is always an entertaining spot ! ! heidi on swing shift is fantastic , as is the rest of the crew ! ! great drinks and gaming , definitely a local joint to check out !	767
0	i 'm unsure of how this man receives any positive reviews . i 've walked out of his office several times , crying , because of how he 's verbally abused me . he would yell at me in front of my parents , despite telling me that my health habits were correct . he told me that someday , i will be too fat and slow to move out of the way of a bus coming towards me , and i will get killed . he told me that i would die before fifty-years-old ( which , according to my other doctors , is a lie ) . he may have prescribed me with useful medications , but he is horrible .	1464
0	horrible experience in tackle football . out over $ 1000 for incredibly poorly run league , hands off management and unpredictable game schedule . even after the registration fees , equipment fees , and uniform fees , we were pressured into continual team fundraisers . constant conflict ( arguing and swearing ) amongst team coaches and camp heads always displayed in front of children . hoping to have a better experience with nyfl .	3578
0	this place is way to expensive and they never have time for walk-ins because their fully booked . on top of that ... the girl at the front who helped me seemed like she did n't even want my business . their customer service sucked . i personally wont be back !	228
1	they have delicious and more than reasonably priced chicken . great service too ! they always say hi when you walk in ( all of them ) . like their chicken tenders ! the food portions are huge ! i highly recommend . my friend and i like to joke and say that this is a fancier and better version of kfc . good hot sauces too ! do n't forget about tender tuesdays ! !	862
0	i had went here after looking at their pics and good reviews . but tbh they are the worse . i had went there twice . the first time my nails were great but the damage was hidden under the polish . after a week or two . my gel will start to lift up extremely bad and my nails even popped off and that never happens to me no matter what the circumstances . so my second time was a little better but my nail tech was rude and only held conversation with another tech 's client . they say they `` keep it real '' but they do n't . wo n't go there again .	2050
1	we ordered the eggplant and linguini with seafood , the food was good , the service is bit slow on a saturday night , maybe because of the packed room , other than that , can not complain much . the dining was nice and cozy	563
0	i am tired of visiting this place and not being able to find not one clean booth or having to struggle to find a clean table . this has been a problem on at least two recent visits , even after calling it out to management . although being busy is not an excuse , they were n't terribly busy this time ( no line , at 60 percent capacity ) , the last time it was almost empty and more filthy ( interestingly the same people ) . is chick-fil-a becoming filthy like mcdonald 's or burger king ? the only reason this is a two star review and not one is because i believe i 've had one fair visit .	1350
0	terrible service , food came an hour and half later cold and terrible . very short staffed and no customer service our bill was redone 3 times and was still inaccurate , we just wanted to get the hell out .	374
1	i have had mixed feelings about lovely nails in the past but today i really love my nails ! i usually get gel here but today i got the acrylic nails with gel on top . they do acrylics really well . i love that they are n't super thick , making them look super fake . he spent a lot of time perfecting and shaping my nails and i 'm really happy with them . they also have many gel colors to choose from .	1796
0	staff was so nice , gentle , & prices were good . only thing i have to say is it 's not super cute place , and their pedicure stations are sinks so it 's not deep at all . update : my toenails chipped three weeks after !	819
1	breakfast best i have ever ever had . ca n't wait to go back . i had crab bene . ca n't wait to go there again . it was truly wonderful -- all around including the atmosphere . i highly recommend it .	951
1	this review is actually for brecksville td and rockside rd . absolutely luv their lulu sun sandwich . i ca n't eat it all so i share with my hubby . they have a good variety of sandwiches which are freshly made as soon as u order them . yummy y'all . i drool thinking of them . lol .	1152
1	buzio 's is now closed . very sad it was my favorite place to dine at the rio . it 's making way soon for guy fieri 's el burro borracho now under construction .	603
0	i have been a verizon customer for many years and this is the worst service i have ever received . i expect the prices to be higher in a verizon corporate store than costco , best buy , etc ( which they are ) . however , i also expect the quality of the service and the knowledge of the products to be higher as well ( which it is not ) .	493
1	my service rep , chris kahrs is amazing ( 5* ) and lead me to meet carlene ( 5* ) who sold me a fabulous used vw beetle rline . i was finally able to get to an agreeable price , but it took way too long and their detail department was late multiple times which in the end wasted several days and hours . i enjoyed working with many of the team , but truly , the time it took to get to final price was daunting and almost killed the deal . in the end , i feel very well taken care of and would consider purchasing again .	2997
0	joke of a company . simple freon leak under warranty and they want to charge me $ 695 for labor . i say to high and he says he 'll check with his manager . am i buying a new car ? comes back with a $ 475 charge . no thanks . will never call again !	1718
1	catherine is a total rockstar ! ! ! ! ! ! she is so professional and takes extra time to make sure your hair is cut the right way . i recently went to the great clips on trop/jones and had the worst haircut of my life ! ! i would drive across las vegas to have her cut my hair.. in fact , i 'm going over this week to have her clean up the mess that christine made at the trop/jones location..	3281
0	i stood at the counter for 20 minutes being completely ignored . then the employees said `` everyone there is no line , please just crowd around the counter and try as many samples as you want . '' every person then proceeded to crowd around and the employees only served the newest customers . i continued to be ignored . i then left without gelato extremely frustrated . what a waste . i will never go back .	3735
0	the lady at the counter hates her job and was totally dissatisfied with being here to work today . possibly the worst experience ever at starbucks ! for crap sake get a new job and go depressed people somewhere else ! they were out of everything we ordered and they did n't have a toaster what is up with that ! ? !	3558
0	service : horrible ! c'est peut-être juste notre serveuse aussi ... très mauvais expérience ! elle s'est trompé dans notre commande . nous avons attendu notre facture pendant 15 min avant qu'elle nous dise qu'elle ne retrouvait plus la facture dans son système ! donc 15 autre minutes pour la retrouver et entres elle est revenue nous demander ce que l'on avait commander , car évidemment elle ne l'avait pas bien pris en note ... . menu ordinaire ; ça reste des oeufs et du bacon !	358
0	i bought a groupon . you get what you pay for . this lot was completely overfilled and i had to wait when i returned in order for a car that was blocking my spot to be moved . it 's kind of in a shady area which made me nervous . i 'd rather pay a $ 1 more for another place i use frequently .	2531
1	disclaimer : service and restaurant as a whole get 5 stars , but the food gets 4 . premium ingredients , clean restaurant , comfortable environment , and exceptional and speedy service . first time here and we loved it . custom pizza and truffle cheese bread was pretty average . the gelato was really good and not overwhelmingly sweet . will recommend chocolate and dolce de leche - most popular ones . ranch lovers beware : they ai n't got no ranch .	282
1	great place to tan ! they change the bulbs regularly and also sell their lotions for a reasonable price . great costumer service ! i highly recommend this plae if you are looking for a great tan for an affordable price . you wo n't be disappointed .	3115
1	ok , let 's start off by saying the food is delicious . what makes this place really shine though is the customer service . the people who work here are consistently friendly and helpful . they 're always asking if you need anything , holding the door open for you , and are generally pleasant . i have two young kids who tend to be messy in restaurants . every time i go to clean up after them , the staff insists that they will take care of it and not to worry . this location also offer free kids meals on the weekends ( concord mills does not , fyi ) . child friendly restaurants are always a win in my book .	1137
1	i have to say that we were very pleased with the service of this company . we called to rent chairs the day before an event and not only do they have what i needed but they also delivered them early . they also came and picked up the chairs right away the next morning . the price point was good and the attendant on the phone managed to save us a little money as well . we will use this company again	3620
0	i ca n't complain about the food but my service was below average . there seemed to be a lot of people working but not much going on . maybe a better system needs to be in place . also , a little dirty .	701
0	the food is okay , but the portions were small . the service was poor , would it kill you to smile ? ? ? for what they charge , they do n't give you that much , and therefore i would say this place has poor value for the money ( dinner ) . derek	338
1	amazing store they have a bar in this safeway and it is a great place to grab a drink and very reasonable	1097
1	we just finished our pool build with dolphin pools and they are amazing ! everyone is so professional and friendly ! dustin was awesome & from day one we had clear expectations of what was going to happen , he was honest and genuine and we appreciated that so much ! tashina was on top of her game keeping us posted day to day about what the time frame was on our pool and the next steps . the process was fun , easy , and done on time ! we absolutely love our new pool ! ! ! ! we had an amazing experience with dolphin pools and would not hesitate to use there services again . thank you dolphin pools !	3541
0	this place does n't even deserve a single star . long wait everytime . bad service everytime . kitchen closes at 10pm . this place is only useful for shaved ice and its only special because shaved ice isnt available everywhere . still not worth the wait or bad service . cha me cha is by far the worst dessert place i have been . service : 1/5 food : 3/5 price : average	176
0	they have a good selection and prices but they 're not that great on customer service , especially for those who come in with patients and do n't have a card . very rude	3491
0	my family and i have been going to this office since 2005 . today i was treated like a criminal for asking for some pain medication due to a dislocated shoulder . i was told by the doctor that since i was n't her regular patient she would n't prescribe anything . she did n't bother to check to see that another doctor there was my primary physician . what a lesson in customer service ... .i am sure i will not be missed since they are always very busy .	1562
1	stacy came to the house today and was so pleasant ! we have n't had any issues since using aptive for the last year or so . no complaints !	2351
0	the staff seems cool , the place is nice , but 8.50 $ for two slices of cheap bread filled with a microscopic portion of cheese and bacon , that 's what i call a rip off . i live in this area , i know that price are generally higher than elsewhere , but damn , i really felt some pain in my butt when i ate that grilled-cheese ! this is my first yelp review ever , only to save from that unpleasant experience .	3658
0	after seeing this place so many times figured we would finally try it out . the service was good food was not worth the money at all . the chicken has little to no flavour and the portion size was very very small for the price . i could barely find the teaspoon scoop of guacamole on it . we ended up having to go out for more food after ( and we do n't have huge appetites ) .toronto has much better mexican fast food locations .	834
0	great tourist ripoff joint . means dont bother . had the burger and fries . service was very slow . i love all sorts of fries . these were cold and not edible . there are so many better options around yonge st. find an alternative .	670
1	awesome store . best selection and quantity i have ever seen . they had cold weather gear in nv and really cute kids and women clothes . currently my favorite harley store and i live in az . great customer service .	2231
0	i went here afte checking the reviews and it was close . this place is ok i usually give spots another chance so i will update soon but for now i really wasnt amazed . i had a waffle breakfast sandwich and it tasted like something i couldve made at home .	580
1	so far i 've had a good experience with the food . the only real problem here is either manning or the drive thru . it tends to get backed up anytime someone comes through the drive thru and people patiently waiting in line ( who may have even been there first ) are left waiting on the back burner . not to mention some people even order meals online . it just seems like a lot to process for one shop . they could either use a better system to prioritize or hire more servers .	958
1	we made same day reservations to move into a midsize unit . all transactions were professional . staff was nice and helpful .	3521
1	i love this place ! ! my wife and i have been here multiple times and we were treated like royalty . you do n't feel pressured into buying anything and they go above and beyond for their customers . i will definitely come here for all of my future car needs .	2262
0	stood there waiting for a table . no one acknowledged us . no one said , `` i 'll be right with you . '' darn shame ! i was excited about trying this place . not good for business guys !	1160
0	i was injured by a hair dresser . i had a massive chemical burn that is still healing . they never followed up with me or returned my phone call . very disappointed .	1696
1	finally a place like this in charlotte ! ! ! ! ! they have combined a butcher shop and casual dining place with very upscale dishes on the same place . their wine list is extensive and very well selected . it is your one stop shop for making a great meal at home for a special occasion or bring the special occasion to here ! the portions , quality of food , and atmosphere ca n't be beaten . good place for business meetings , special occasions , casual lunch and have fun with friends .	1226
0	been to c0lumbia outlets in portland , woodburn , sellwood , lake oswego and lincoln city . this store has the worst selection , pricing and customer service i have experienced with columbia . what a waste of time !	3826
0	they gave me a 4 hour window and of course they came right dead at 5pm . they sent to me what looked like a kid fresh out of high school . honestly i could have done what he did . not very professional at all and definitely not worth the money spent with them . trying to sell me a new ac unit when mine is fine . just not pleased . would not recommend to anyone .	1803
0	i ordered 2 salads today and no croutons & no cheese..oooo right it 's liquid cheese as i was told , ok i got you . i know i wo n't eat here again . i mean who honestly throws croutons back in an old salad and calls it good ! how cheap and sad ... .	326
1	this was an amazing experience ! it was 103 degrees outside the day we went so this was the perfect place to be . we did the v-ice-p experience and it was great ! we went to the venetian location . the girls were sweet and friendly and the bartender hooked it up . loved every minute of this . you can spend as long as you want in there but after a while you 're going to want to come back out to the heat . overall , i would do this every hot day in vegas if i could .	2245
0	my husband and i thought we would give the sushi another try and stopped by for dinner tonight . the service was slow . we ordered two dinner boxes and spicy tuna maki rolls . never got our spicy tuna rolls . not eating here again .	408
0	have dealt with tahoe springs for years . about 18 months ago started having questions with my bill . got it straightened out after i threatened to end my deliveries . all was fine until recently when once again began having issues with the bills . tried calling the office . no one ever answers . cancelling my service .	2519
1	great atmosphere and great service . i would highly recommend starks to anyone looking to take their hair game to the next level .	3413
0	i have ordered from them multiple times because i enjoyed the food when it is prepared/delivered properly , the problem is i have had multiple times in which the delivery process was poor . they have forgotten certain items and still charged me in full , the other day that situation occurred once again . again i like the food so i have looked passed it before , but when the food took an hour and 1/2 to get here , food was cold and items were forgotten , i felt like i had to speak up .	1325
0	service for take out is incredibly slow . there are no patrons in the restaurant and i have been waiting for my chicken pita for 10+ minutes ! unbelievable . 4 staff here and nobody has even made eye contact . food is average .	89
1	a millvale treasure . i 'm always curious as to how / why this delicious fast food eatery exist in our little town . i mean . there 's literally no other hardee 's in the greater pittsburgh area . like . why is it there ? is it part of some greater conspiracy ? who knows . breakfast sandwiches are litttttttt	800
0	it used to be my favorite place in town but now ... 1 ) their two female waitresses are extremely rude ! we did n't finish our meals and they rushed us out by taking our spoons and throwing our check on our table . 2 ) they charged 4 % service fee when we tried to use credit cards when we pay ( should have informed us earlier ) . they also showed their attitudes yelling at us their `` new '' rules . will not come back again because of the two thoroughly obnoxious waitresses !	812
0	waitress is really rude and they are all just standing around chatting with each other . there 's so many of them working yet it takes 5 minutes for them to take your order . we were using the free voucher they give you and she seemed irritated that we were wasting her time . well she would have got a nice tip of she would have been nice .	2634
1	what an awesome find ! i love this place so much ! such good food and the nicest service you can ask for ! i ca n't wait to come back again ! you really feel like you are part of the family when you come here . this lovely restaurant is not close to my house at all but i 'm willing to drive the 45 mins ! ! ! it 's a must try in phoenix thank you for the wonderful dinner i ca n't wait to return ! !	1419
0	if i could give 0 stars to this place i would . the 2 men that work together at that joint are a f.ing joke . they offer everyone else but my husband and i drinks chek in on them etc . the one short bald guy always walks around with an attitude the other guy walks around trying to talk to all the chics . is that why they look at me like im stupid ? cause im always with my husband when where gambling ? they are rude and they make me hate ven going in there to get smokes . they really need to rehire some other people those two are a fucking joke	1066
1	excelent pizza and great service ! we ordered a custom pizza and got it just the way we ordered it thats a plus ... .. also ordered the truffle cheese bread and it was fantastic ! great location in in hte casino area of the sls hotel and very resonably priced !	282
0	i had an appointment with dr. chan and have been waiting for 1 hour 1/2 hours to be seen . this is my first time here and it is n't looking good.. i just want my right ankle to be checked !	2176
0	they are not friendly at all . they let you wait in line only to tell you go see a banker who then puts several people ahead . i left . they 're not worth my time . turns out the phone assistance is n't any better . reconsidering who i bank with . good luck here .	1100
0	no . just no . tasted very cheap and skimpy portions . i 'm spoiled by other places by me that taste better and offer more .	985
1	we have been looking for a couch for a while . after experiencing service with kait we felt very comfortable continuing working with her to find the best selection . most times sales people are pushy and we did not experience any of that with kait .	1998
1	i love this place ! ! ! i had the powder dip nails which i had never had before and they look fantastic ! it 's been 2 weeks and my nails still look like i walked right out of the salon . and i am so incredibly hard on my nails they usually have scuffed or chipped or broken off by now . i feel like the cost to get the powder dip nails was very competitive with the no chip but so much nicer . i will be back .	120
1	if you want to avoid a super long line up , i recommend to go early . i went there at 9:30 and there were 4 persons before my turn . i could get a freshly baked cheesecake for $ 12 . it tasted like a typical japanese cheese cake ; fluffy and soft . the size is small but it might be too cheesy to finish it for one person . i recommend to share it with two persons .	2253
1	this is my place to buy furniture . they have the best selection and they do not have a cheap looking section . the items are current . it 's my understanding that their sales people are not paid on commission . this makes the whole buying process better . the sales people are knowledgeable about their products and listen to your needs . they offer help but do not pounce on you . who needs that ? ! ? you may look online and see what they have , then head in . apparently , it helps our local stores if you go to the store to purchase . delivery is crazy fast , like the next day .	2071
1	if you love any out door activities you have to check this place out even if you are just bored this is a cool place to visit . they have all sorts of cool ass things in this place that you can go and look at .	2601
1	kierland is right across from the scottsdale quarter . both based on the same principle , they offer restaurants and great shopping options . it 's all located outdoors so if you enjoy shopping outside then this is the place to go . i love going here with my family for dinners or a great shopping day with my friends . i would refer people to go to kierland then an indoor mall .	387
0	could n't access the store this morning after dropping off my prescription the night before because there was a shooting and police blocked off the entire area . when i called later to find out if all was clear the customer service staff carried on a conversation with another employee in the middle of me talking to him it was very rude and i felt that it was unprofessional considering i was in the middle of a sentence when he very loudly just started talking to someone else . how the hell is he suppose to hear me when he 's talking to someone else ? !	758
1	my bf and i are business travellers and so we stay in many different hotels . this hotel is somewhere between 3-4 stars . free internet for diamond members - standard stuff . no luck if you are not . the lounge is ok - breakfast is scrambled egg / oatmeal / fruits included if you have status . location is exceptional if you want to walk around , but 0 view . westin has a lake view - if you care about what you are looking at that 's a much better place to stay . ( westin is less centered comparatively )	73
0	western dental makes you sign agreeing you can not sue them if they permanently harm or disfigure you during surgery . they are free of fault from any actions . patient beware . and they get snippy if you ask them to explain the form .	3292
0	we made arrangements for our two dogs do you have a long sleep over at boca park vet in the hospital during thanksgiving holiday 2016 . i brought their beds in and toys . however , when i showed up to pick them up and they claimed i never dropped off the bed for my largest dog and thus my largest dog slept on cement for the past four nights while we were on vacation for thanksgiving ! it was very sad . they claimed i never sent my dog with a bed but yet found it a couple days after i picked up my dog saying was in the corner somewhere and they thought it belong to someone else .	3076
0	i ate here two times in one week because my first time was sooo good and everything was fresh where the fries burned my tongue and meat was still tender & juicy but this second time around i can tell the fries and fuku patty were recycled . so disappointing ! ! = (	964
1	on a visit from san francisco we went to beso since it was close to the cosmopolitan hotel and open late . the atmosphere was really nice and everything on the menu we tried had fabulous and clean flavors ; although we did n't try the steak ! the tuna tartar , scallops , soup , salads were all very flavorful . i also have to say the service was more than i expected from a lv restaurant . wines are overpriced however the cocktails are great . i would go back on my next visit .	971
0	overly priced food . ate there with my family and our bill was $ 60 and we werent ' even full . sushi is overpriced and not enough portions . do not eat here ! ! ! ! !	1196
0	the worst billing experience . they could not get the billing correct and they kept blaming it on their corporate messing it up . it gets better they kept canceling and reinstating my account and charged me for those fees .	2675
0	we chose to fly alaska because it is smaller , and we expected that would mean better service . wrong . because there is an apostrophe in my last name ( think o'brien or o'malley ) the system could n't find our information on either end of the flight . seriously ? an airline reservations system that is thrown by an apostrophe ? to make matters worse , they were terribly short-staffed in our departure city ( seattle ) which meant standing and waiting in a long line while they tried to fix this silly problem . alaska , you can do better .	2400
0	my wife and i met with matt and thought we had made a good decision to use consider it finished painting , boy did we make a mistake ! our beautiful dark cabinets in the kitchen , bathrooms and laundry room were left with paint on them because they were not taped off . our floors had splatter spots everywhere and the color tie ins were absolutely horrible . perhaps they have done better work elsewhere but our home was left a mess and lots of damage that must now be corrected . i hope you have much better luck than we had if you use this company .	3915
0	i hate virgin america ! they left my suitcase in los angeles even though i checked it in over an hour before my flight . i was told i would have my bag by 10 am at my hotel . it 's almost 1:00 pm and nothing ! ! ! ! there is not even an answer at the office ! ! ! ! i wish i could give negative stars . if you have more the a carry on fly on another airline .	1623
0	this guy at rock yard driving the loader is an ashole , skinny guy looks and acts angry every time i go there .. seriosly this guy needs to find another job because he doesnt look happy doing his job..	2039
0	lost items there . left 2 messages and never received call back	1966
0	massage over priced nothing special . manicure , haircut awesome . quote from masseuse . me `` so how 's your day ? '' masseuse `` oh another day another dollar '' . not very professional . i work hard for my $ , at least he can try to fake it . my girlfriend was sore for a week after the massage . what a waste of $ .	2317
1	i ca n't believe the service . so kind , patient and reasonable . the food is even better or just as good as the people . i come back time and time again and although it may be slow on busy days , their attitude and kindness blows me away enough that i dont mind being patient myself : ) always returning !	673
0	one star for the pineapple fried rice , which is very good ! it is prepared with shrimp and cashews and was a generous portion and thoroughly satisfying . minus 3 stars for the other dishes ... spring rolls were meh , bbq ribs were just okay ... kind of dry and skin was not crispy at all . my friend ordered the pad thai and did not care for it . i tasted it , and it seemed very sweet to me , but i am not a fan of rice noodles . i will recommend this place for the pineapple fried rice , but was not impressed by their other dishes .	1361
0	i have been going here for multiple oil changes over the last year and after my last oil change my car started driving weird so i took to the shop and thought nothing of it . turns out jiffy lube forgot to put oil in my car ! i had been driving for a few weeks with no oil in my car . please check your oil after getting it changed . this mistake cost me 250.00 in repairs and new oil	3092
0	i fell in love with their red velvet a few months back . then i went back for their white chocolate macadamia nut ... the cake was tasteless and the frosting was sugary ( like always ) . i could n't bring myself to finish it . then i went to a cupcake place back home and their red velvet does not even compare . it was so moist and rich . ahh now i feel like cakes on walnut is a lie . i 'll still probably go back to cakes on walnut when i 'm desperate for fix ... or if they start throwing in a glass of milk for free .	3749
1	i recently came to ihop for their burgers since they are also the international house of burgers ( ihob ) , ordered the mega monster and it was the juiciest , soft bun , delicious steak pattied burger ever and the fries were crispy and golden yellow just how it should be . i was not disappointed they got something going !	520
0	too my dog today to be groomed . when i picked him up he comes out wet and not brushed . he looked horrible . the groomer said my dog did n't like to be groomed . no s -- -- . most dogs dont . my dog is not even violent . he is also only 25 pounds . so jacque , if u cant handle grooming a dog this is not a job for you . very disappointed .	3108
1	was really happy with the service , called them in the middle of the night when i got locked out of my apt , they arrived really fast , and we 're able to open the door without braking the lock or leave any mark , very reasonable price . thank you ben	1919
1	great staff , top of the line equipment and a very friendly and inviting place . i 'm a guy that gets pedicures on my flintstone feet . ( i 'm not touching them ! ) some places crack jokes in other languages & are n't very comfortable for men . this was not the case here . i will be back !	686
0	products are fine just do n't be in a hurry . the drive thru line will take forever to get through so just do n't be in a hurry . also the you can tell the people who work there are really under stress . maybe it 's just poor management or they are more busy than they look .	2778
1	while i did n't end up using d & d to conduct my construction work , i am leaving them a review because i was thoroughly impressed with their customer service . in a world where business rarely respond or follow-up , they did . that really speaks volumes , and i feel that had i hired them for the job , they would have never missed a scheduled date .	2691
0	went in to get my phone exchanged . waited in line like everyone else . finally every was helped but me . the guy to the left in front finishes with his customer i know i 'm next . tells me to hold on while he goes and checks people in . spends over 10 minutes talking to a girl tbat lost all her text messages on her phone . that just came in the door . i ended up being help by the guy to my right that finished up with his customer while he was still talking to the girls . was almost late picking up my son from school	1169
1	bonne expérience indienne en livraison sur ce restaurant . je ne suis pas un expert mais tout ce à quoi nous avons goûter était très bon et avait beaucoup de goût . nous avions l'impression de voyager . nous avons pris un combo pour deux personnes avec plusieurs mets indiens dedans afin de goûter un peu à tout . poulet et crevettes braisés , riz basmati , boulette d'oignons frits et accompagnements sauce et légumes . le prix n'est pas du tout excessif ( 50 $ pour deux ) et les portions sont très généreuses . je me ferais un deuxième avis lors d'une prochaine commande/visite .	140
0	we have been with verizon over 5 years with 3 phones . visited sprint for price comparison , thought we would run it past verizon and if close we would stay . 4 people working in the store no customers should have been our first clue . when asked about options and we wanted to add a 4th line , rep stated they ca n't compete with sprint . wow did n't even try to save our business . more concerned with hanging out with co-workers . asked for a manager , they dialed customer care and handed us the desk phone . would rather have a root canal then spend time in this verizon store .	3179
1	had a great service experience here ! as my hubby works for starbucks in nova scotia and has made a specialty drink i love . so i could order it when i was away or sans hubby he entered it into the mystarbucks app in my iphone . this way i can hand it to the batista and order my fave drink ! there was one barista working today that was particulary friendly and we chatted about our fave mix and match drinks ! very impressed with the service here !	906
0	be aware that if you pay via a credit cardm , once the card expires , even though you get a new card from the bank with a new exprei date , fitness connection will charge you for not paying ... ..scam ...	342
1	i ordered a chipotle chicken avocado melt and southwest chile lime chicken salad . it also came with a french baguette . the meal was very rich in flavor . you could just taste every flavor that existed ! ! very good	1259
1	i 'm not a big fan of chain restaurants but the food was good and our server , russ , really made our experience a great one . he was super attentive and went out of his way to make sure we were happy . wonderful way to end a girls night with my daughters . thank you russ !	1187
1	five stars from beginning to end ! ! easy pick up , courteous service , easy drop off . i booked through priceline and the reviews for other rental agencies were horrible . i was worried but it was the best experience ever ! ! i will always rent from avis when in vegas ! priceline offered insurance for $ 11/day , however , insurance at the counter was expensive . i have full coverage so insurance was not a factor in this review .	3129
1	your classes are all great , whether it 's the pole sessions , the tricks n tips , yoga , or the dance specials ! i was so happy when i found your studio , because there was so much offered and at affordable rates that no one else in the valley compares with . the positive community you foster with all your dancers is what makes me want to come back every session !	2394
0	they treat their employees horribly and management does not seem to care . extremely unprofessional and no matter how good of prices they have , i will never ever shop here again . i would rather go somewhere that treats their employees with dignity . the lack of integrity in public makes me wonder about their lack of integrity in private . this is only the second one star review i have ever given in my history on yelp and if i could , i would give zero stars .	3187
1	great family atmosphere ( loud with good music ) . their pizza is good but slightly on the oily side . you get a fresh mini-loaf of bread and butter before your meal arrives so it 's easy to get full on that alone . the service is good . do n't order the water though - it tastes like what i imagine toilet water would taste like . i happened to go there on `` tank top '' day so not only did i save 25 % on my pizza but i also got to spin the wheel they have there . i won a free dessert !	192
1	always love coming here . their pizza , souvlaki , subs , everything basically is good . good prices , fast service .	411
1	the best place for real hawaii style chinese food . been here in las vegas for 23 yrs and this is the only place i get my chinese food from . i even go as far as taking the bus there and it 's worth the bus ride .	1103
0	this place is a joke . customer service is horrible and they clearly do n't know how to read paper work or licenses . it took them 30 minutes to clean a rental car and to top it off they were understaffed .	2067
1	had a great time at jockey club and these guys are the real deal .	1929
1	great foot massage ! ! i travel a lot get massage all around the us so i know a great massage when i get one and this is as good as it gets . ben was professional and helpful without many knots in my neck and shoulder . he 's foot massage is the best that i appreciate . warm stone on my feet , a soothing my feet not hard and painful like you usually get at the cheaper places , and good quality organic products used . master spa delivers that experience and then some ! i will request he service again and i recommend to anyone .	2399
0	horrible service . we walked in and were told to sit wherever by the greeter . we grabbed our own menus while one server proceeded to rearrange tables and not even acknowledge us . the bartender brought food outside and told us someone would be with us . he then went to the bar and continued serving drinks in a barely full place . after another five minutes watching two employees standing around talking , we got up and left . service like this will get you no where and i 'm afraid this restaurant wo n't make it unless they train their employees on customer service .	882
1	i love that they always get me in without an appointment . i love that they just redid everything and it 's so spacious . i love that they did not raise their prices too much after doing so . i love my nails i got done today as well . thanks again infinity ! : d	2297
0	overpriced for a cut and blow dry , and a disorganized salon at best . the aveda brand deserves a better representation of service and product than what is delivered at this salon . $ 65 for a haircut and blow dry/style is about 20 over market for henderson , nv .	3489
0	good bakery , prices are high on some stuff managers are richards cashiers are nice , clean store	1102
1	vegas , you 're good for a long weekend . but i would hate to live with you . you 're an expensive bitch , and we do n't look anything alike . but then you get me slightly smashed , then i do n't care what you look like.. cause you 'll love me anyway . and maybe you 'll show me your celeb friends . and we 'll all hang out until 7am . sure enough you 'll beat me up with your liquor and dancing , but i 'll come back next year . fully equipped with bandaids and advil . regards , whitey in oregon	315
0	worse auto glass company ever . even worse then that shady guy selling you glass windows at the car wash . took them three visits to get my window in right . plus one visit from a power washing company to clean my drive way after they tried to sneak off after spilling primer all over my drive way . and then another visit to get my window wipers working again after they removed them . slow to respond . and employees never have a manager call you even though they tell you they will . then it takes over an hour to even talk to someone at your local branch .	2444
1	this place has a great $ 25 combo that we get as take out all the time . this meals feeds 4 adults and 4 younger kids . they food is normally ready in about 10-15 minutes for pick up . it 's a crowd pleaser at our house .	668
0	denise that works at virgin america here in vegas is the rudest person ever ! she did not let us get on our flight ! and she was super rude to begin with ! she had the worst attitude ever ! i could honestly say she is racist ! ! i myself my husband and brother in law have never been treated so bad for being mexican !	1623
0	overpriced . i still have to move a lot of stuff the guys were very friendly . competent . strong . polite . no damages . just like all the reviews said . but fast ... not so much . 600 bucks and the house is half full . gon na hire some other cheap guys or get a truck myself and do hard labor . that 's what i was hoping to avoid . tipped $ 15 each for 3 guys . like i said good men . could 've used a bigger truck and better price .	1645
0	i took in 52 hardbound books by james patterson and lee child that were in very good to excellent condition and was paid 27 cents per book . yes , 27 cents per book . .	836
0	great cuts ! terrible at answering their phone ! biked across the city to arrive an hour before close and then they were n't taking any more clients , not exactly 'drop in ' service . their phone message said nothing about cut off times . love this place but now this is the second time i 've wasted a trip downtown so now i 'm going to blue dog .	1936
0	went in today to see if they would take some books , movies , and games we had . it took almost two hours for the girl to go through our stuff . meanwhile the other men that were doing other people 's stuff had about four or five done in that time . she would click an item in the computer and then look around the room and stare at the computer screen with a blank stare , stall for another ten minutes , and then move on to another item . its nice to know that they value their customers time ... . not ! we wo n't make that mistake again .	836
1	nice and warm place . the perfect spot to do your work or to read a book . i 'm definitely a fan .	816
0	overall actually car wash service was fine . customer service not so much.. took about 5 minutes for someone to acknowledge us , and workers were on the side smoking while working on people cars .	2800
1	my husband & i had our 1st visit with dr. erik wikler this week after our insurance changed . as an r.n . of 45 years , i was very impressed with dr. wikler , as well as the entire staff . it was a very thorough initial exam & we never felt rushed . follow up exam , referrals , labs & xray all ordered in a timely manner . we look forward to a long association with the wikler practice .	2631
1	good food , fast . can not have any complaints about this place . food made to order and you can watch the action . good price and fresh .	241
1	the apartment carpet was in great condition before hand but still needed to be cleaned before i moved out . the technician , junior , did a thorough job , but most importantly , he was so friendly ! good customer service is important to me since there are far too few businesses that provide it .	3796
1	excellent service . came to fix the ac unit at my house and did a great job . blowing hard and cold , just in time for summer ! thank you to technician william and everyone else at alaskan . will definitely be referring them to friends and family !	2730
1	solid restaurant - amazing fresh bread with feta cheese and olive to start the meal . my main course salmon was moist and nicely charred . service is 5 star . they know what they are doing .	785
0	unilingue anglophones à montréal . aussi hypocrites que ploucs ! pourquoi ne retourneraient-ils pas en angleterre ... ils y seraient tellement mieux , là-bas tout est en anglais .	3847
0	brought my retina display ipad here to have the screen repaired because it was cracked . it now has a new screen but the quality of the display looks horrible . it has a grid and little dotted lines all over the entire screen that are visible all the time . waste of $ 120 . should have just bought a new one .	1104
0	new to the area so i thought i 'd give this place a shot . here are my thoughts : pros : convenient location cons : expensive , low quality , rushed service summary : $ 30 for a 12 minute haircut that looked like an unfinished mess . i had to go elsewhere to get it fixed . for simple buzz cuts i 'm sure this place is fine , but for anything more i would recommend looking elsewhere . this is more of a butcher shop than a barber .	552
0	management is lucky to still have a business and should show respect to anyone willing to work for him or eat at his restaurant .	675
1	a great dive for all ! plenty of patio space . the customers come from all walks of life . the bartenders are nice too ; you probably wo n't even notice that they 're working with only one well .	3252
1	totally agree ! this guy is amazing with shoes and very reasonably priced .	410
0	prime rib roast on sale for $ 5.99 lb , store out of stock , meat dept would n't offer rain check . asked for a manager , was told after waiting more than 15 min franchisee would allow rain check for 1 - 2 rib roast . this was a waste of time , poor customer service , will think twice before returning .	629
0	we stopped in for lunch before tackling ikea . the hostess sat us , gave us some bread and said our server would be right with us ... that never happened so after 15 minutes we just left . on a side note , the bread plates were dirty .	1491
0	called in a take out order for breakfast . was told to wait 20 minutes . got to the restaurant and waited another 20 minutes . asked for turkey bacon and got sausage . should have told me that they were short a cook and that they could not do my order correctly or on time .	696
0	i bought a nice engagement ring at a good price . so far so good . i even got a piece of paper saying it was worth about 50 % more than what i paid . selling it back , almost a decade later , was another story . seems like small diamonds do n't fetch much anymore , i was told . course i was free to shop it around but maybe i was just lucky to get it back	143
1	first towing company cancelled two days in a row due to truck problems so they referred me to interstate . interstate was able to come out within two hours . their price was $ 40 cheaper than others i priced out . driver was nice . definitely recommend .	1098
1	the staff at avella , scottsdale are very friendly and got my prescriptions ordered/filled in a quick and timely manner . i 'm glad we found avella as they always are able to provide hard to find prescriptions and compounds . i would definitely recommend avella to all my family and friends because they are simply awesome !	3283
0	i brought in my new bmw for and asked a guy named evan handwash to avoid any scratches . apparently someone loaded my car in the wash machine and `` was not paying attention '' . i did not even get an apology . all o got was a free spray wax by evan . i posted pictures to see results	127
1	i give this starbucks four stars because it 's considerably bigger than a usual starbucks that you find in casinos - most of the ones around the strip are the target-sized starbucks . you know what i mean . this one is almost normal-sized . also , the lady who worked behind the counter was nice and cheery and commiserated with me about the change in style of the 'you are here ' mugs.. the old blue ones are definitely better , right ? ?	3690
0	this is the only starbucks that charges $ 3.80 for espresso regardless of whether you get a double , triple or quad shot . when i asked about the price . the barista , jennifer , said she did n't make the rules , that was just the price & to get out of her way . poor service & exceptionally high prices . this starbucks is not good .	683
1	my wife and i had amazing salads and juices here today . we will definitely be back soon .	1401
1	this place is hugh ! so many doctors and staff , then the waiting room is full of patients and family members . sign in is easy , paperwork short and easy , but each time i 've been here , it 's at least an hour or more for the visit and at least half hour waiting ! staff is friendly , doctors are great , very patient and caring . had blood work done with a great tech , even got a referral for diagnostic test and they called and got me the appointment so i did n't have to call myself !	2900
0	this crack squad had my vehicle for a week to paint a 12 '' piece of plastic . i received zero follow up , and they did n't even do the work in the written estimate because they are in the bag for state farm . the . worst .	2680
0	why does everyone rave about this place ? the burgers are about the same as a fast food place . the fries are not fresh as advertised but made from prepackaged frozen bags . it took one minute to get my burger . yet the place is busy . a better burger joint is wood flame burgers .	1461
0	lied about how long my package was good for . expired and lost a tan i payed for . bad customer service ! and only tried to sell me another package !	1816
1	i 'm half korean and always searching for my groceries to make homemade food from ... . i 've always found what i needed and reasonably priced too ! ! i go in for 1 team and walk out spending $ 200 . great place !	715
0	i 'm a little upset that my teeth are still yellow in some spots after two sessions of the extra strength treatments . i still have one more ... but i thought they would have been a lot whiter as i was told they would be by now ... .	3190
0	after using cobblestone auto wash for years i thought i would give full circle a try because it 's located close to my dentist . $ 12.99 for an exterior wash is absurd . you can get a better wash for lot cheaper at the local gas station or circle k	3899
0	i am a native new yorker and lived in chicago and these bagels are like einstein bagels . the skin of the bagel is soft and not authentic . coffee is horrible . service marginal . avoid this place if you know bagels .	325
0	disappointment ! sat at the bar and the bartender would obviously rather have been somewhere else . should have called in sick with that attitude . `` out '' of the highlighted items on the menu at 5:30pm ? my wife 's chips were stale . my green chile pork was obviously heated up as one portion was cold . the tortillas on the side were wet and fell apart upon handling . it 's a shame as tarbell 's never disappoints . will try one more time to see if it was a fluke . it was monday .	286
0	very unprofessional services from hairstylist name caio.didnt turned for appointment after booking it for a week ago.even confirmed it in the morning before going there.they made me wait for a half and hour and all that i can hear is they are not getting hold of him.truly disappointed.think before going here .	3254
0	i used to be an advocate for how great their food is . probably why i was so excited to learn they now deliver . after an hour of waiting for our food ( 1 hour and 20 minutes to be exact ) and calling to get a status , our food arrived cold , soggy and worse than a frozen pizza that was leftover and reheated . unfortunately we will not be ordering from them again , take out , dine in or delivery .	192
1	love this place . i shop here once a month . it does n't look like much , but if you go at the right time and spend the energy to look , you can find some amazing deals . best thing about it ( besides everyone here being sweethearts ) is that everything is clean . no musty smells or mystery gunk on the clothes . i think everyone who donates here probably washes their items before bringing them . it makes the thrifting experience so much better .	3276
0	slow service . no napkins . hummus was bland and the crackers were plain and grainy . ordered the hot-wa-ii and was met with bland and unflavored pizza . doused in parmesan and red pepper flakes it became edible . no real saving grace here . avoid this place .	218
0	stay away ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! major ripoff , overcharges ! ! ! ! 550.00 procedures done without approval , then they hold your pet hostage until you pay the outrages bill ...	1588
0	the server was so bad it over shadows the chef 's food . like maya angelo once said `` i 've learned that people will forget what you said , people will forget what you did , but people will never forget how you made them feel . '' `` there is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you . '' this was exactly our experience . stay away unless you 'd like to be `` served '' passive aggression , borderline racism , subpar attention and a side of bad attitude .	57
0	interesting place . desperately needs a facelift inside . staring at bare concrete floors is not relaxing . massage was ok , if not slightly awkward . i did n't feel like the knots in my back/shoulders were any better . i prefer a quiet `` no talking '' massage , but got idle chit chat . only came due to a groupon , probably would n't go back	3079
0	do n't bother calling these guys , they wo n't return your call and they ca n't even return a text message for estimates . i guess they really do n't need or want the business .	2387
0	just your ordinary over priced movie theater , went to see minions on a tuesday entrance was half priced , but the concession had to take out a mortgage , i can not foresee this theater being in business long if they keep charging snacks priced at full course meals .	3357
0	slow service , mediocre food , but prices were dirt cheap . i guess you get what you pay for .	672
0	was not open during posted hours ... my biggest pet peeve with businesses . ( no , was n't on thanksgiving ) .	2462
1	i went there for the 10/mo deal . then i met with christian the training manager for the free orientation and found out i need to lose 40 lbs to be at my target weight . i have a big hill to climb but i 'm sure with the direction of their personal training program which they offer i will be able to do this ! !	465
0	when a customer asks twice to have their nails trimmed more because they prefer short nails . lose the attitude-filled response about how short you think they are and do what is being asked and what you are being paid for . now i will have spent $ to go home and cut my own nails ! not to mention the painful cuticle pushing and filing of my flipping skin ! i can also now add the polish i chose has been thinned so many times it 's spraying dots on my feet while she polishes !	2434
1	i used to eat at cafe rio in gilbert arizona when i lived out there . this place rocks ! love their sweet pork ! get it in tacos , burrito , salad , what ever great ! love their chile con queso ! they give you a ton of chips with it . bottled cokes from mexico ! ! this location was right across from unlv so there are a ton of college students there which gave it a fun vibe .	1365
0	interesting logo next to the dhl express canada . looks like a piece of turd - which is precisely how i feel about this sorry excuse of an organization . word of advice : if you need to escalate a call they wo n't do it for you . you need to send an e-mail to the ceo of dhl , tell him about it , then call back and tell the person in the call centre that you have advised the ceo that they do n't escalate calls . i had to e-mail the ceo of dhl - then called back and told them this before they escalated my call . horrible experience . avoid this company like the plague .	1755
1	service was great . i just left and the guy working behind the counter had such a good personality and attitude . highly recommend . his excellent customer service makes a big difference .	250
0	a homeless man came up to the cashier cussing her out and continued to go on for about 20 minutes . the manager did n't acknowledge me and instead tried to laugh it off with the homeless man , where i as a customer stood there . i finally was helped after the homeless man was escorted and had possibly the worst breakfast sandwich i 've ever had . i got violently ill after eating ... not exaggerating at all . do the employees wash their hands ? yikes ! for a corporate fast food chain you would think they would have more regulations !	606
1	if you want a great conversation or amazing work on your computer , this is the place to go . he interacts you with and very funny . he recommended some parts to upgrade with me being a gamer but made me go home and check his work first to make sure he fixed my issue from first bringing my computer in to get fixed . i really loved how he did business and he shared many great stories about his travels and work . always a great time in here and i will be back and will be recommending him to other friends/gamers .	2523
1	this place is literally just down the street from me , and basically next door to one of my go-to 'hood liquor stores . i ca n't believe i never knew about it until now ! ( i guess , not having a bike , why would i need to ? ) anyway ! i got a tune up done for my bf 's bike . the service was cheap , fast , and friendly . what 's not to love ? they also sell bikes , including used and new vintage style cruisers .	3156
0	good luck trying to schedule an appointment or talk to a human being . this place is voicemail hell personified ! i will revise my review if i ever get an appointment and a doctor can help me . finally got a call-back , first available appointment in 3 weeks . no thanks .	2900
0	my friend and i came today and the massage and foot scrub was nice but the whole thing was ruined at the end when we both were forced to give a certain amount for a tip . it was posted on the wall as you walk out $ 10 , $ 20 , $ 30 i do n't mind giving a tip but i do mind being forced a certain amount . we were putting money down on the table and the girl was i am sorry and pointed to the sing we require at least these amounts . no thank you i will not go back again do to that .	2399
1	i am losing weight and understanding better how this is supposed to work ! jennifer is great and very through the staff is wonderful also !	297
0	if i could give this joke of a place a one star rating i would . over priced products , rude/uninformed staff , lack of communication when tried to approach the manager . i wo n't be back . sylvia is horrible . turn and run when you see her before she floats away with all her deflating noises for responses .	1025
1	we 've had a termite control contract with truly nolen for 15 years . they 're probably not the cheapest service , but we 're in an area that has a lot of termites and they 've had to treat our house in several areas every two to three years . they 're service has been exceptional year after year . benito just left after treating two areas , one inside , one outside . quick no muss , no fuss , courteous , professional service . he showed us what he was doing while he was working and cleaned up when he was done . first rate service ! !	302
0	i was there for a 4 day conference . i felt like it was a prison . there was no window and so no ventilation . no sunlight into the conf rooms or anywhere . the construction is good but just a waste without any thought for even a single window .	587
1	can not say enough amazing things about this practice . the staff is kind , considerate and always professional . dr. santucci goes above and beyond the call of duty to ensure you or your child gets the best quality of care . they truly care about you and/or your child 's well being . simply wonderful .	2877
0	a friend and i recently went , since we had a buy one get one coupon . thank goodness for the coupon as i would never pay $ 25 for four tacos and a couple drinks . the tacos were just so so , nothing special . the queso for the chips was nacho cheese . if you are thinking of going here id highly consider salsaritas heck even taco bell over this place . if i had to name a positive i guess id say the soda was good and cold ? what a failure this place is .	1137
0	i have to agree with joanna . we were not impressed with this office or dr. syms . the first visit we waited over an hour past our appointment time and once we finally saw dr. syms he was just so ... . abrasive . the second visit went better but in the end we decided this was not the best office for us . our daughters case is not typical and we needed a dr. we could be comfortable with to guide us and hear our concerns , not just ignore our concerns & give us no information or guidance . the desk staff just drove the nail into the coffin , they were so rude when i would call .	1602
0	went here for a gel manicure . clearly the tech did not use gel polish . she used that high shine polish and tried to convince me it was gel when i questioned her but it was n't even close - did n't look like it , did n't feel like it , and peeled off in two days . i wo n't be returning .	3652
0	in the past i 've had good experiences with levetto , but recently the quality has really declined . got the trecce for takeout tonight and it was awful . the sun dried tomatoes were burnt , the pasta was brown and there was hardly any arugula . very disappointing .	252
0	when you pay $ 12-15 for just an exterior car wash but end up with the same dirty car . i 'm sad to say fabulous is no longer fabulous .	2198
0	ok for a mall . the place is slicker inside than you would expect for a mall restaurant . the food was ok , but not amazing . the chicken parm was lackluster and the pastas were pretty generic , albeit tasty thanks to all the cream ! the salads were actually pretty decent .	873
1	great gym ! a lot of space . clean and we 'll maintained . i 'm not sure what everyone expects about customer service but i keep to myself . i go in and i get out . it 's all about getting the job done right ?	342
0	i used to go to dr. zedek about 12 years ago . psychiatrist always seem to be a little strange and off in their own world . dr. zedek was beyond that ! he ended up putting me on seroquil 200 mg a night and i ended up having a seizure . not to mention , his obsession with staring down my shirt ( and i have small breasts ) so i 'm not sure what he was looking for down there ! ? this is a good dr. to go to if you wan na get the `` good '' stuff , but if you sincerely need something minor this is not the place to go !	3928
1	one of the better supermarkets in cleveland . heinen 's has a lot of top-end stuff , and a fantastic wine selection with over 75 bottles priced under $ 10 . they also feature monthly wine-tastings . if you are looking for a good lunch , their paninis and other sandwiches are good , as well . pre-made personal desserts are better here than at most other supermarket chains you will find .	3909
0	hands down the most expensive evening of bowling i have ever had the misfortune to be a part of . steer clear of this place . nothing special about the alley , bar or staff here . my girlfriend and i were here for around 2 hours with a group of 8 . with the end bill being well over $ 400 we were all left scratching our heads in disbelief . i will never return to this horrible business .	3296
1	great location at the end of the line of the light rail . acrss the street from the mekong plaza with great restaurants and a huge asian supermarket . safeway and wahlgreens are within walking distance . great wifi reception .	2622
0	fast forward 4 months later since i last wrote the review after all issue were supposed to be finally resolved , i received two other notices from cpl labs and i got the final notice last week stating that they will send me to collection upon non-payment in next 2 weeks . i tried to call them , sent me to voicemail and emailed jasmine other day . i am still waiting to hear from her . fingercrossed !	297
1	went in at midnight and the night shift staff was beyond amazing ! even late at night they went above and beyond to make sure i felt better !	2517
0	i would never come back here . i feel rip off . one guy said $ 40 and the other said $ 60 an hour . massage was horrible . i end up paid $ 60 an hour . i went to another foot massage place and paid $ 30 for foot , back , and with hot stone .	2399
0	the worst experience i 've ever had at a vape shop , the most rude employees i 've enter encountered . i asked them a question and they straight up ignored me . never coming to this location again .	2042
1	soooo delicious ! first time coming and glad i stopped in because my kids gobbled everything up . i got the sliders with louis n ana rub and dipped in the homemade blue cheese ... .and the texas toast ... yummy !	1397
0	shortly after i went for a pedicure i have a bad case of athletes foot ! as much as i really like going here i think it 's time to go somewhere else . i have noticed they rinse the pedicure tub out but do n't really clean it for the next person . my daughter also had her nails taken off yesterday and the lady who did it literally ripped part of her natural nail off .	2297
0	disappointing experience . they messed up on our orders more than once . they took one of the steaks off the bill , which was nice of them , but the experience was underwhelming . with so many other options , i wo n't be returning .	971
1	typical jewish bagel shop . i was there for breakfast , had a friend egg sandwich with tomatoes on a sesame seed bagel . all i can say is that the bagel was perfect and i could tell from looking at the product display that this is a high quality place home made bakery/restaurant .	1156
1	it 's called the cigar inn . the owner salma is the best , she is very knowledgeable and is extremely helpful . cigar inn has the best selection of arturo fuente cigars and other high end cigars . she has not given me a bad recommendation on a cigar yet . if you want great customer service and a place to make you feel welcome every time , you ca n't go wrong with cigar inn .	1893
0	my experience with the king and i restaurant was disappointing all around . on a tuesday night , my two entrees and one side took an hour and a half to get to my house , even though the estimated delivery time for my order was 50 minutes . once the food arrived , i was further disappointed that i was brought egg rolls instead of spring rolls . i hate egg rolls . i would not recommend this restaurant .	1361
0	not realy indian food . the idea is pretty , the interior is pretty ... the wait staff is nice ... but the food is awful ... the mango lasse and the chai were really bad . all of the curries were so liquidy ...	640
0	mcnulty 's , as of september 2008 , is under new management . no more table service , limited ( crappy ) menu , price hike on beer ... and the worst part , the cozy booths have been pushed out of the way to make room for cornhole and beer pong . ugh . what 's worse , this used t o be my favorite little neighborhood pub . what a shame .	2179
0	the sushi here was very heavy . i am a fan of sushi that is fresh tasting , light , and bright . this sushi seemed like it was all deep fried , and no i did n't order tempura . the presentation was also a bit drab and unappealing . i will not go back . not the worst , but not worth the price .	408
0	food was cold ! ! we had bangus sisig . the plate was sizzling but not my food ! so u can tell they just heat up the food ! ! the pork binagoongan was good but cold too ! told our server so chef came out with the re-heated food with an explanation that it 's fresh not re-heated . `` yes it is reheated ! ! '' he said food got cold because it was sitting under a lamp . wth ! lamp ? not warmer . plus heres the thing no appology ! aweful experience ! my 1st & last time there !	817
0	well after spending 10 minutes looking for a parking place i gave up . what a mess . much worse now that nearby sams club closed . i think some of the prices have increased since sams club did close . i can get most of the stuff i need at walmart , so that is where i went instead . at same or lower prices . sometimes my back acts up and i need handicapped parking . there was none of that available with cars in line waiting i will go to other places	1102
0	pho broth was too sweet . possibly from too much msg .	205
1	first time here . i ordered the chicken flautas . and my husband ordered the fish tacos . both were really good . i think they are a bit pricey for saturday lunch but it was good . the service was exceptional and the staff were really friendly .	882
0	the owner came out and threatened to beat myself and my 3 friends up and made fun of my sunglasses . this place is trash . referencing the worst episode of twin peaks that never even aired . this ai n't the red room or the black lodge it 's just another shitty pittsburgh bar	279
1	the food and service was excellent . i would recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants caribbean food in phoenix . the portions are large and the prices are reasonable .	1325
1	you can get more than portugese rotisserie chicken here : there is a bakery , patisserie , deli ... my sister and i shared a 1/2 chicken combo and got an extra helping of fries ! seasoning in general was heavy handed . we needed more than one drink . some pieces were extra salty while other pieces were fine . the chicken was moist and flavourful with some charring . spicy oil was poured on chicken . it gave the chicken a subtle spicy flavour that was like a slow burn , not very hot though . the salad wass small and drenched with dressing . the food was made ready and warmed up . the salt and pepper fries were naturally cut .	1109
0	i have only the worst things to say about living spaces . i purchased a night stand on 9/2 , returned it , unopened , on 9/3 to the phoenix store/warehouse . i am still waiting for my refund and have placed 6 calls into customer service with requests that a manager call me back twice , which has not happened . i just called again only to get the same answer . this is extremely frustrating and ridiculous for a business to handle something so simple as a refund so poorly . i will be showing up to the store soon with continued hope and determination to get my money back .	2071
0	went for inspection and was failed due to windshield wipers and exhaust hanger.. wow .	2040
1	this is my third time here and i love it . i carry my tension in my neck and shoulders which causes me to have frequent migraines . i love the deep tissue massage instant relief !	2014
1	i love this place . good food , friendly staff , great value ! my favorites include anything eggplant , scallops , and chicken parmigiana-sautéed chicken . this jersey girl is right at home .	1224
0	this is probably the worst sheraton property out there . hotel 's just old and rooms are n't very well maintained or cleaned even though maids do a pretty good job everyday . i 've stayed maybe 5 different times on the bottom floors of the hotel and on the top ( spg platinum ) floors and there is n't much difference . ymmv	3166
1	could not have had a better experience than i did coming to kirkland 's ! i recently bought my first home and was able to get a lot of great stuff for a fraction of what i expected to spend . my living room looks fantastic ! courtesy of kirkland 's and elaine ! elaine is a wonderful sales person and she is the reason i will continue to visit any time i need something for my new home .	1576
0	this place quickly got the nick name `` the douche lounge '' since it was full of douche-bags , on both sides of the bar . the drinks were good but overpriced and the bartenders could use an attitude adjustment . plenty of hot girls , and guys with fake suntans .	456
1	i went to the deli counter at 9pm on a sunday night . the young lady who assisted me was very personable , yet professional and quick . checking out at the register , i was warmly greeted and promptly rung out . very good service any time i have been to this giant eagle .	3005
1	this is a cozy wine bar and restaurant . they say small plates but i will differ it seems more like a meal . check this place out you will be pleasantly surprised	296
1	everything about my recent leasing experience at san tan hyundai went so smoothly . fred sickles was very easy to work with and very helpful . i appreciated his follow up call to make sure that everything was going well with my new car . the financing portion also went smoothly . i would definitely recommend that others purchase their next hyundai here .	3041
0	the previous owner donnie was great . but the new employees are very disrespectful and not helpful . go somewhere else , you have been warned ! ! !	1113
0	well so far they have not shown up when they said they would . nor did they call to inform me . i believe the only pool i will have this summer is my dogs 3 ft plastic one . not happy .	3541
0	i needed a haircut ( i do n't have much ) , and my beard trimmed up a bit ( it 's short , nothing like zz - top . after starting , the nice woman said the charge for the beard would be $ 20 and the haircut , for what it was , would be $ 30 . that 's the most i 've ever been charged for the service anywhere else in the world . it took about 15 minutes which translates to $ 150/hr . it was a decent job , but really overpriced . did n't seem to bother them a bit .	1606
1	last night my sister and i chose this restaurant during charlotte 's restaurant week . we love italian food and have fond memories of our grandmother 's cooking . the 3 course meal was wonderful ! we both chose something different for each course and not a one disappointed . each were delicious . ca n't wait to go again !	563
0	i took my car here because it would n't shift into reverse . ( obviously it was my transmission ) they took 3 days before they even looked at it . then wanted $ 800 just to start digging into it . i was warned about aamco , and how their service is shitty , they 're scammers , etc . anyway , needless to say i did n't let them touch it . funny part , they said they offer a form of payment plans ... baha .	3750
0	got my glasses and contacts two years ago from this location . paid everything on the day i picked up my glasses , then few month later i got an unpaid bill of $ 50 ? ! and of course i trashed it because it 's not legitimate . i spend about 1k for exam , glasses and contacts , and i paid in full at the location . then they send this bill to collection agency ? ! excuse me ? ! i should totally sue this company ! i still receive collection letter few months ago . i should see the other reviews before i go there . this company is a scam ! the reviews they got are for reasons ! stay away !	1345
1	surely one of the more upscale gentlemens clubs . the ladies are not as pushy and aggressive as in other places . drink prices are a little higher but hey ... its vegas !	1779
0	called and made an appointment to get carpet done on a job that is ready to go . appointment was set for the next day at noon . i texted and called 1 hour prior to confirm . didnt hear back . at 12 , time of appointment , i got a text that he would be 1 hour late . waited 1 hour and 15 minutes , made a couple calls at the 1 hour mark . no response and no show . hate to leave 1 star reviews but a simple call or reschedule would have stopped the review	2495
0	this is the worst rental car company ever . lack of service at the counter is unbelievable . you have to be a calling customer to get any help . they have a reservation but wo n't deliver because they charge dealerships more that they do n't partner with . who gets screwed ? the customer . i 've rented 5 or 6 times from different locations and all my experiences have been absolutely terrible . i will never go back . ever . i 'd rather steal a car or walk , and that is n't going to happen .	2355
0	my dog got razor burn twice on his penis area ! had to go to the vet because of it !	1247
1	downsview park/parc is a place in transition . there is construction , community gardens/greenhouses , a huge market , waking/running/biking trails , soccer , basketball , etc . the new-ish park is lovely and i have enjoyed it many times . walking or running its also just a beautiful place to hang out and have a picnic and j have done all 3 . lovely views and full of people enjoying it . the bathrooms are always clean which is a huge plus .	3715
1	i have experienced some inconsistency here but the managers made it right . i like how cobblestone is all over the valley and intend to return .	127
0	used this company to repair valves on our pool pump . $ 402 later the problem still existed . when attempting to deal with this issue with the company employee who attempted repairs , telephone calls were not returned in a timely manner .	3038
0	this place is terrible . service is incredibly slow , and menu is overpriced . its trying to be a scottsdale restaurant , but it doesnt have the chops to be any more than a strip mall type spot . avoid .	1331
0	i got my dry cleaning and my pants hemmed here . their service was fine but when they refused to redo a hem which was done incorrectly without charge , i was treated very rudely . there are alterations places i have been to who will gladly redo a hem that was n't done to my specifications without charge . instead , i was rudely waved off by chen . this cleaner is not the place to go to if you are looking for respectful dignified customer service . i will no longer be a customer here .	3484
1	i come here nearly every monday with my boyfriend for movie nights ! 5 dollars on monday for all movies except 3d and imax . it 's a clean theatre it 's relatively easy to get in never have to wait long in line . will continue to come for monday movie nights !	491
1	been going here for 4 years . the ladies and the owner are very welcoming and friendly . they listen to your needs and take their time to do it . i always get pedi + mani together and it 's only $ 50 for shellac . they scrub , massage , clean cuticles , soakers for hands , and dead skins . by far the best place i 've been to in my experience . give it a try !	3908
1	lilly at the las vegas store ( near the linq ) provided my wife and i incredible customer service as she was willing to research the company 's database in search of our `` in-store voucher '' that i had left at home in hawaii . lilly really went above and beyond in finally finding the transaction as it had originally been filed away incorrectly . lilly 's great customer service added to a great vacation . sincerest thanks to lilly . rob and kandi lee , kaneohe , hawaii	2386
1	( i was here couple months back , just got around to write the review ) two for one drinks ... .yum , but the prices ! ! ! really steep . not very crowded , not at all like most places on the strip , good place to start your night off with a few drinks but again the prices is thing that makes me wan na buy a couple of beers at walgreen 's first then go in ... .	456
0	quite possibly the worst marshalls i have ever been to , and because of that , i will probably not return . this use to be a good place to come to grab an item on the cheap but for some odd reason now it 's more like an oasis with sparse items . there was more empty space in this store than i could imagine . staffing was almost non-existent , i do n't remember seeing a single employee while i was in here . not surprising , if you are lacking merchandise i suppose you 'd be lacking employees as well .	2251
0	service provided was great , but they did not tell my home warranty place that i did in fact pay my $ 60 deductible . so i had to provide proof that i paid the bill before they would honor any other claims .	2377
1	garage door stopped working so home warranty sent hung-rite . hing-rite sent harold and he fixed it in short time , lubed and serviced everything and even got my remote working better . extremely knowledgeable and explained everything . i recommend hung-rite	2377
1	again tonight we had the 10 oz burger and beer special and i had the haddock fried sandwich for $ 6.99 . you ca n't really go wrong for a cheap meal	3378
1	beer choice was great , they brew their own . service and reception excellent . manager lady was superb and accepted comments on food nicely . had mussels pot which great but needed extra garlic and more wine . white beer was great .	670
1	excellent ! i brought my husband in with severe pain and fever . they were attentive the second we walked in the door . the nurses and doctors are amazing and kind . the facility is spotless . i highly recommend ! ! ! ! ! !	350
1	i go to see ben whenever i wan na splurge and fix my unruly uneven hair . it 's a bit pricey for the average budget , but the serious head & neck massage makes it worth it in my book - oh , and the great haircut too . i ca n't say any knowledge of the other stylists since i only go to ben , but he 's great about styling and cutting exactly what i want . love the music , love the atmosphere , and the people are friendly .	1617
0	tried the scottsdale location with a co-worker of mine ... .. food was average at best . had the shrimp po-boy and he had black and blue burger . his burger came out well done . yuck . when he brought it up to server , she said all of our burgers are prepared medium well . would have been great if she stated that or asked when he ordered . in all fairness she did offer to re order it . we had to get going so he declined . dont think i will go back , too many options in this part of town with far superior food .	428
1	when i had my inspection done by chris hall he made me feel like he was buying the house his self . i really enjoyed his conversation and his vast knowledge that he shared with my wife and i. i would recommend home pride inspections to everyone ! i am in the air force and have lived in 4 different countries and lived in 9 different states , i have bought 3 houses and i have never had an inspector care so much about a house that was not even his . thank you chris ! 5 stars is not enough for this company .	684
0	after going to the farmers market in guadeloupe , this place was awful . they are way over priced on a lot of items , like fresh eggs and honey . the store had so much stuff it was hard to find items and they did n't have much local items . the service was so so . this place is more hype than anything good .	2488
0	this is our second time here this year and the bathrooms are out of service again ! the amount of money this place makes you think they would invest in a quality bathroom system . we will report this to the health department ... .	1634
0	damn ! the longest line ever and only 2 flipping registers open ! are you kidding me ! ! you mean to tell me you do n't have any other cashiers to open up more registers on a busy saturday afternoon ! these guys are just as bad if not worse than hobby lobby ! where 's the customer service around here ? jeez ... . other than the long a $ $ line this store 's ok ...	1615
0	idiots ! do you like corporate robotic canned non-answers from idiots ? pretty horrible service , the credit card department is actually a totally different company . the left hand does n't know what the right hand is doing . so much unnecessary bs when dealing with this company . they suck .	1623
0	service sucks here . ive visited this place many times on different occasions and no one wants to help me find what i need . i seem to be invisible every time i walk in here . i would n't recommend this place to any of my friends .	203
0	this location offered awful customer service . talked during duration of massage and would n't let us leave when we had tipped her all of the cash we had left on us . it was a mess and rushed . my friend was also inappropriately groped on her breasts .	2399
0	i 've never heard of being charged for a tire rotation with first oil change after buying a new car . i will never go back here . reminds me of the time at avondale dodge i was told my brakes were extremely bad . i should have them changed immediately . i do my own brakes and they were like new dealerships love scamming you into other things when you get a free inspection at oil change.. beware . get a second opinion .	624
0	this place is awful . they treat human beings with disrespect . also the food is awful . i have had better chinese food from the frozen food isle at fry 's . orange chicken tastes like 5 day old chicken nuggets from mcdonald 's with a bit of great value orange jello smeared across them .	1459
0	i have never seem a manager like that rude . the employee in store is nice but the manager is suck . no idea why superdry company promote this kinda manager .	2395
1	went to this store for the first time . we received a card in the mail for a free bag of pet food . i kinda doubted that it was really free , but it was ! two employees helped me find what was allowed - the answer was lots of choices . very helpful , especially since i had never been in this store . i did n't even know there was a petsmart in the shopping center , though we go to the costco there all the time ! oh , much nicer staff and cleaner than the store i 'd been going to , and not much farther away from our home .	3094
0	the lady was rude to my mom when i brought her , and then she messed up my eye brows . they were way too thin and uneven . they should take the time to ask what you want .	2986
0	the one star is completely only for the service ( waitresses are really nice ) , food is not fresh at all ! ! the duffer location is much more decent .	89
1	first time here ! alex the owner was super nice . he did my acrylics and i absolutely love the job he did ! i 'd definitely come back : )	3732
1	well , at first i was far from impressed ... but these folks were top notch to work with ... much better than a taxi and any concerns i stated were answered in the hour !	2878
0	i had never been to a bww before , so we decided to try this one since it was new and close . not a good experience - the music was so loud that we could barely hear ourselves talk . the dining room was so crammed with tables , it was completely uncomfortable . we ordered regular and boneless wings , and we told ten minutes later that they had run out of boneless wings . the server had told us that the wing sauce was not spicy , yet we could n't even eat it . there was nothing good to say about this visit , and though it is right around the corner , we will not be back .	383
1	we had a great experience with mcacc . the volunteers and staff were very helpful in introducing us to mia and walking us through the adoption process . they have stayed in contact and continue to check up on mia 's progress and are genuinely happy seeing her in a loving home . these people truly care and want to help the animals and find the right fit for a forever family . it 's crazy to think that our sweet baby girl had once been recommended for the e-list ! thanks for taking good care of her until she found us !	3626
1	they never slack off when doing your pedicure . nice long massage 's and your pedicure always looks so nice !	1783
1	i love a good taco and the arizona taco festival is just the place to try tacos from several different restaurants . gadzooks and taco guild were my favorites . the only complaint is maybe moving it later in the month as it is still very warm this time of year . make sure you buy your tickets in advance so not to have to wait in the huge line and also to receive a discount .	1392
1	great clean apartment building . i loved living here ! pro : stunning views friendly staff clean gym con : the pool took forever to get fixed	3354
0	very unprofessional place of business ... employees are extremely rude and way overcharge on labor ... i bought a lift kit for my duramax and online it recommends 6 hours of labor and this douche named wes or less quoted me 10 hours and said if i do n't like it then i can go somewhere else ... how does the owner let an employee talk to customers like that ... .do yourself a big favor and go elsewhere for your truck needs and save a bunch of money . 4 wheel parts has better reviews ... better prices ... and nicer more polite employees .	203
0	came with my sister inlaws for a girls date . they did our nails one at a time so it took forever . three different people worked on my nails . i got a full set of acrylics and i was charged $ 60 , the lady glued on the nails without cutting my real ones , they hurt so bad now . not even a week has passed and they start falling off ! $ 60 for nails that did n't last a week , waste of money ! !	544
1	a sure thing ! i adore coffee , all kinds : i am not too fussy . my coffee is very blond and very sweet : more like dessert . almost a meal , but not quite . hope you enjoy yours too !	683
0	my p bowl turned into soup in a minute and had no flavor . i go to school on the west coast and know what a good açaí bowl is . this was not good . save your $ 9.25 please . it tasted like it was made out of ice and not real food ! my sister got a smoothie that tasted like nothing as well .	2726
0	we got there after a busy period , but the place was very dirty . i did n't see the kitchen , but i took a couple of shots of the bathroom . i really do n't want to go back there again .	255
0	i got a red velvet cupcake . it 's the worst cupcake that i 've ever had . cake was very stale and dry . icing was waxy- after one bite i threw it away . i 'm so upset i spent $ 3.50 for nothing .	981
1	i was here to meet people briefly . the service was great but my appetizer was just `` ok '' . i would not shy away from eating here to try since the service was good .	704
0	i have been ordering from king wok for over a year now . the food very good however the service is terrible . i swear they never get my order right ( for take out or delivery ) . i 've given them a year to fix their crappy service so i wo n't be ordering from them anymore .	420
1	for the location : great service . really good appetizers , solid food . no complaints but not blown away . i would recommend and i would come again	1147
1	dr . guy torres is my o.b.g.y.n and i absolutely love him . he 's old school and takes his time . i never feel rushed and he genuinely cares . the office staff are all friendly and pleasant . the wait times are not that bad . i would n't want to go anywhere else .	3059
0	through research , i knew exactly what pool part i needed . went to the store , purchased the part and paid for installation . the installer did n't bring the part , and refused to do the installation . he said that they did n't have the part ( what ? ! ) . of course he tried to cross sell me to replace the entire system .	2202
1	due to a clerical error my account went to collections . with the help of linda and trudy and all of the rest of the amazing staff we were able to clarify it and get it taken care of and just a few short minutes today . thank you both thank you the whole team really for all you did to help me buy my home merry christmas .	1357
0	this review is only based on the fact it is impossible to make an appointment . i have been calling almost everyday for a few weeks and no one ever answers the phone . i do n't want to leave a message asking to make an appointment because i 'm very busy and do n't feel like playing phone tag with them . i call and leave a message , then they call back and leave a message , then i call them back and they still do n't answer and i leave another message . i do n't want to play that game . i do n't understand how their staff ca n't answer the phone .	1670
0	man ... got ta say , this was a total fail for me . the soup came out pretty luke warm , which is super weird for a pho place . the fried rolls were pretty meh too . i do n't know really what to say about this , i got a little concerned when i saw the clientell and that there was a line to get in ... it seems as though cleveland just ai n't the place for pho : (	784
1	excellent work , fast and friendly ! i took my 26 year old boots in with holes through the soles and scuffs that were more like gashes , they came back look new ! could not be happier !	2114
0	if you want a bad haircut , save yourself the time and just go to great clips or supercuts . floyd 's is just another chain that overcharges for a mediocre job .	2584
1	this address is wrong ! ! ! go online to find it ; ) otherwise i absolutely love ben and jerrys ; i recommend cookie dough , the tonight dough and milk and cookies : ) the location is good , just search on the ben and jerrys website for nearby scoop shops , and you 'll find one close to this address . this address takes you to a neighborhood 15 minutes away ; )	157
0	macaroons are cute to look at , but taste leaves you wanting more and wondering why they are so overpriced . went on a weekday afternoon and it was n't too busy . was able to freely browse . when we placed our order . the girl asks the other helpers to get the frozen macaroons . was a bit surprised ... frozen ? ? ? a lot of employees were making macaroons and stock piling them in clear containers . it seems like they premake a lot of them and freeze them to meet demand . this surely affected the taste . good thing only bought 3 , instead of the box .	2191
0	not a bad store , bad management/owners . poor employees dealing with such rude managers just to survive . once walked by , i have noticed that a manager yelled on a sale associate for not putting things somewhere or something like that . a sale associate almost pee in her pants . shame on you jones market & deli for creating hostile environment . there must be a reason of why that store got on fire .	541
1	i have been going here for years , place is pretty clean and most of the nail techs are nice .. the owner is n't very friendly , luckily she is not there often , but you can tell the staff is scared of her . i am normally very happy with my nails - only thing i can not stand , is their constant vietnamese music . when they first started playing it last year , the owner told me that the customers request it .. uh ok , doubt that since nobody can understand it .	3084
1	i love this place ! they are super sweet , not stuck up like other tanning salons . they want to get you the best deal and they can remember a face ! i feel like a vip when i go there . not to mention the decor is awesome , very sexy and chic !	3353
1	very fun neighborhood bar with good drinks and very friendly staff . if you enjoy a local neighborhood bar to hangout with friends and enjoy good music , then i would highly suggest this venue . has greatly improved since the prior management	3416
0	well if you want crappy service , then this is the dunkin donuts for you ! my coffee crunched , it was so sweet and disgusting ) ) ) :	1131
1	fast break member . went down escalator , looked at my name on the list and seen where car was parked . grabbed the car and headed for the exit . total time from airport shuttle bus to rental center exit , less than 10 mins , 3 of which i had a quick smoke before getting in the vehicle	2134
1	we went to dolce because we had a groupon . i enjoyed the `` bread and beans '' - very italian . our appetizer was the stuffed mushrooms - very filling and good enough to be a main entree . i had the amatriciana and my boyfriend had the bolognese . both were great and with generous portions . unfortunately , we had no room left for dessert . my two minor complaints were our wait for glasses of water and the distance between tables - conversations were very close . i would definitely go again .	563
0	decent service ... horrible food . i ca n't for the life of me understand how this company is so successful . it could only be worse if it was yet another failed greek attempt at italian .	389
0	horrible experience . bridal make-up run-thru was not cleanly . artist , tracy , did the application in 15 mins looked noticeably uneven . they tried to reschedule the up-do run-thru for another day after having the appointment a month in advance . unacceptable treatment with forced opinions onto the bride . blatant attempt at promoting other services at the spa after it was made clear they were n't desired . nail technician who did shellac pedicure was the only positive , she did a wonderful job . we were forced to pay for the horrible make-up application which was a poor decision reflective of the management .	2225
1	i was first introduced to the earl in orlando at downtown disney and have been a fan ever since . glad to see them in az . sandwiches are delish and pretty cheap . i always get the turkey dinner sandwich which is yummy ! today i had a few cookies too . i tried the sugar and a chocolate chip . they were pretty good for non bakery treaties .	432
0	i 've tried this place a few times i just never learn . they are set up to be a sports bar , but they do n't get it . they do n't put the games on , the help does n't know how to control the tvs , and the staff prefers the music video sound instead of the game sound . avoid .	648
1	the clark used to be a cool under-rated dive bar under the upstairs which went through various failed attempts to revive it as a club or restaurant . see new review for more details !	421
0	this office is very disappointing . we had our son at the honor health scottsdale hospital and could n't be happier . thought it would be a great experience at the pediatrics down the street but we were sorely wrong . the doctors are nice enough but the front desk staff is cold and incompetent . the assistants are rude and inefficient . they do n't know how to bill or schedule appointments correctly . the office is nicely decorated but the equipment is outdated . if you go here , expect to wait a long time and have poor service .	3134
0	decided to go here to see civil war . sound quality was crap . voices were scratchy sounding and there was a light above us that kept blinking . on top of the 20 screaming kids on the theater and people on there phones it was a very unsatisfying show . we wont be back to this theater . i complained to a manager mid movie and they finally got the light to go out but never fixed the sound .	3947
0	got a tiny *ss breakfast burrito that was bland as hell . no bueno .	994
0	poor return policy ! ! ! no hassle without a receipt is what they claim yet tried returning my 3 pictures at 90 % off ! giving me pennies on the dollar for what i paid . how insulting that a manager would rip off a customer this badly . people move and loose receipts . ended up leaving the pictures in the store and walking out . poor customer service ! ! ! ! !	204
1	do thomas and his staff were very professional and took great care in our sons broken wrist / growth plate . thank you for all your help !	2176
0	great bar . bartender 's attitude , an entirely different matter . who deserves such nasty treatment ? hope the owner reads this .	780
1	i moved on this property november 1st and i have to say i was a little nervous reading some of the post ally and brenda were wonderful and the property is very clean lot of green grass i sit out on my patio there 's a beautiful tree in front of it and one of my favorite things is to watch the children play and hear them laugh	3515
0	we went to him after an accident and he seems shady . he informed me he had no plans on keeping his practice around after he finishes attending school to be a neurosurgeon . he attempted to overcharge us by close to 5k until the insurance company got involved and strongly advised him to `` take a second look . '' after the insurance company informed him of their intent to challenge , the cost magically came down by 5k . do n't get me wrong , my back felt great and the adjustments were solid , i just felt like i could 've found that somewhere else without all the extra issues .	699
1	i went for the first time today to tott 's at lunchtime . it was excellent . the service was friendly and accommodating ( they had no problem substituting my rice for broccoli ) and the food was fabulous . it came to our table very quickly and everything was hot , nicely seasoned and very fresh ( love crisp broccoli ! ) i can see why this place is so busy/popular . i will definitely go back .	474
0	lumpy small square pillows late check in ( not at all accommodating when u arrive early from an 8 hour drive ) saw a worker microwaving eggs and sausage for breakfast . no one expects a 4 star continental bkfast but at least have the decency to close the door while `` cooking '' . bad coffee slightly rude staff thin walls ( realllly thin ) good rooms seemed to be in ok shape as far as cleanliness goes . pool was nice and lots of parking	1195
0	this was a second opinion for my warranty company . i wanted the old thermostat put back on . the new one that the first company put on was a pos . they were told this for the appointment . affirmative air came out refused to put the old thermostat-but said i needed two pounds of freon-company last week said freon was fine . i told them to leave-this company is another scam a/c trying to gauge customers-stay away !	2078
1	misa is the best nail technician ever ! ! ! i 've been going to her for a year now and her nail design are just amazing ! and i always get the gel nails coz it always lasted for a month ! ! ! i 'm not kidding ! a month ! ! ! this time it lasted for 34days ! i do n't know what to do without her ! love misa ! ! ! i 've tried different kinds of nail salon in arizona and luckily i found her !	2297
1	just visited this doctor for a second opinion with my husband , and this place is amazing . they get you in on time and , best of all , they really take their time with you to understand your concerns and issues . would definitely return !	2991
0	if i could get this place no stars i would . from being told that they would work with us regarding rent for my son , nancy has consistently harassed and looked for every reason to kick him out . there is nothing worse than pretending to be a good person that helps other people and taking advantage of people who are already down . if you care about your loved one and their recovery do not put them here . this place is supposedly a nonprofit that makes a profit off of people that have nothing .	2255
0	the food at oceans is not fresh at all and they paste wrong labels at the food . i went there to buy chicken and the date on the label was for 1 day after ( that means the date on the label was future dated ) i am never going back to that shop again	2069
1	so glad they built a walmart closer to us ! my husband and i shop here at least once a week . it is clean and big inside . customer service is ehhh , but what can we expect from walmart . it 's not a target .	3066
0	terrible experience . i moved from pittsburgh to miami . they were rude and do not run on schedule . worst of all , they broke all our furniture , and although we hired insurance through them ( big big mistake ) they do not want to pay for the broken/damaged items which sum over 10k . keep a safe distance if you like your items .	1666
0	beware ! worst hotel i have stayed at in arizona . i tried giving the hotel a few chances but always disappointed me because stayed there out of convenience but never again . the last straw is when i forgot my card key and they would n't let me in the room because the room was under my husbands name . clearly we were married same last name . the staff is rude and they knock on your door before check out trying to kick you out of the room . the vibe and energy is low . never staying there again ! ! !	3859
1	had my nails done by tommy , he was very professional his work is excellent and a very nice person . i highly recommend you ask for tommy as you will not be disappointed . thank you tommy , see you next time i visit .	544
1	charles came out today and replaced our garage door . he was honest , hard working , and even had a smile ! after being over priced by precision , parker garage came through with a much lower quote . we highly recommend this company . they came out super quick to provide service ! thank you !	3584
1	vicky had changed my life . i was suffering from adult acne and scarring - between the peel deal and vicky 's facial deal - i 'm so excited and proud of my new skin : ) vicky is wonderful and friendly . she truly listens to your concerns and takes her time to really meet your needs . love love love .	3549
0	horrible . got a fill with gel polish . they started chipping the next day ! i went in to see if they would fix them and the girl up front wanted nothing to do with me . she acted like they were too busy to fix them . i tried to make an appointment but she did n't even ask for my name , or put anything in the computer . i will never go there again . those pictures are the day after i got my nails done .	1429
0	brought my car in because my ac was n't working and it sounded like my compressor was dead . went in at 9:00am on a sunday morning and was told that the car would be ready by end of day . car was n't done until 9:00pm monday night .	1778
0	was ignored when i pulled up so i left . guy sitting next to me waiting to go through auto wash was ignored for a while too . the guy up who was supposed to be working there was too busy chatting and flirting with some blonde .	3250
1	i really like the nishikawa black . and the chicken appetizer along with the gyoza . my only complaint is when taking to go , it seems like there is n't enough broth . i do wish they had more dishes that are family oriented like a rice bowl or something of that nature . there are always people here when we stop in . on certain days , it definitely gets busy with just the 8 tables and like 6 barseats .	131
0	a lot of the same , and a lot of it junky . admittedly there were a few things ( toys , club mementos and advertising ) that i have n't seen before , you have to root through throngs of glassware , buttons , currier and ives plates , and rummage sale quality antiques to find them . anything i was remotely interested in stayed on the shelf because of the higher than warranted prices . staff seemed friendly , but since there are better options nearby , i probably wo n't be back .	2155
0	asked for refund on unopened , unused glass product bought the day prior . all i really wanted to do was exchange it and even if he gave me store credit , i 'd be okay with it . no refunds . glad there was no sign and he never said anything ...	3351
0	horrible service and rude staff . very unhelpful . manager has a stick up his *** . do n't waste your time going to enduro sport . leaside has 3 other bike shops that have infinitely better service .	2268
0	no bacon on my sub and received the wrong chips . i paid a premium - what a rip off ! if you are going to charge almost $ 10 for a sub , at least look at what ingredients go in it ! will not order again .	1494
1	oh my goodness , this is the 3rd time this week i 'm back for this tomato tortellini soup ! ! love the ambiance and wine selection at this awesome location in southend . the service is super helpful , i was worried i would n't be able to get something healthy here - so happy to report my new obsession with roman holiday salad that 's to die for ! and just when i thought it could n't get better , live music walks in ! ! so happy to live nearby here : )	712
1	i like this location because of their goodlife and it 's often less busy even during peak hours . you know that before even stepping foot into loblaws , you are n't really going to seek out a deal . let 's be honest now , if you really wanted a deal on groceries , food basics and no frills are your safe bet . going to loblaws means that you are looking to do your shopping quietly in a clean and well kept store . this store is exactly for that .	2402
0	will never go here again . drove half an hour to my appointment for them to tell me they would n't dye my extensions even though i told them i had extensions over the phone while i was making my appointment.. they were just really inexperienced & unprofessional . do n't work at a hair salon if you do n't know how to dye extensions .	2274
1	so good ! visiting pittsburgh and i yelped this place and decided to try it . not sure why this place does n't have 5 stars because it absolutely should . the girl who served me was knowledgeable in nutrition and personalized my juice and açaí bowl to my liking and health needs . i 'm brazilian and this is one of the best açaí bowls i 've ever had . highly recommend this place !	3223
1	saltys does it again ! even though it was a little slow in there still had fun with the staff ! diego was very helpful with tequila and since they were so slow the staff was hanging around the bar and got to hae some good times with them . staff here is always upbeat and friendy . always love coming to this place no matter if they are dead or busy ! great `` cheers '' feel	1074
1	i bought my new car from here the end of last year and before the year was over they sent me a coupon in the mail for a free first servicing . i 'm literally driving back from getting my car serviced and i ca n't tell you how i pleased i am . from how the car is running and looking , to the amazing customer service i received from the service center associate dirk . definitely 5 star service from mazda of south charlotte .	1424
0	dr. zedek is the absolute worst doctor i have ever encountered . when i came to him having trouble focusing and feeling somewhat depressed he tried to diagnose me as bipolar after talking with me for less than 5 minutes , when i disagreed he put me on a medication without looking at the other medications i was already on . i ended up having a horrible reaction and was admitted to a hospital . over a year later i am on no medications and every single doctor i have talked to agreed that he should have known better . please if you value your health and sanity do not see this `` doctor '' .	3928
0	beware when using this service . i got my teeth whitened over 2 months ago and they still hurt . they told me it strengthens your teeth but the pain it has caused me leads me to believe that is not true and i did n't even do the third session . rethink using this service .	2909
1	very pleasantly surprised . i was expecting an ordinary meal , but it was extraordinary !	368
1	i do not like h & r block , but i give lots of credit to the manager rose . one she called me back , two she was honest with me , three she found my file when nobody seem to know where it was . i even told this guy one time where it was and he could not find it ( load of crap ) he just wanted to do it himself and receive all the pay . if i go back to h & r block the manager rose ( 51st ave & peoria ) and lynda t. ( 35the ave & thunderbird ) are the only because they are straight up with people and that makes life a lot better	3282
1	great prices and service . if you are unhappy with something just tell them . very friendly	822
0	one of the worse experiences i 've had at bath and body works . first of all , the store reeked of their new fragrance when i walked through the doors . i was in the store for five minutes and my clothes lingered with that scent . in addition , the scent was so strong that i got a headache . ouch . yeah , i like bath and body works stores , but there was way too much body spray or perfume around that entrance door ! i still like the mango mandarin and the pumpkin lotions at bath and body works .	262
0	service was really bad ... the waiter forgot what we ordered ( i guess he would do a better job if he had a notebook and a pen ) , brought wrong plates to our table , took too long to come ... in other words , who cares if the food is good if they do n't bother serving it to you ?	1362
0	bad service ... bad manager ... bad manners really rude i ca n't believe how mean the girl at the register was for not letting me used the bathroom before i buy something i was going to buy something for sure and the restroom did n't have toilet paper seriously ? ? ? ? ?	1996
1	although the convention center is a bit of a walk from the resorts , once there everything is readily available to you . the signage is good and the room layout is fairly easy to follow . great for small or large conventions .	587
0	went there once . ordered an everything bagel with cream cheese . took over 10 minutes to get my order . cost a ton of money and was n't fresh , friend said his bagel was rock hard too . also the bathroom was awful . would not recommended , go to the burrito place across the street	995
1	stopped here today and we were pleasantly surprised ! decor is great ! food was very delicious and fresh ! we 've tried a few thai places in las vegas since we moved here in june and this is probably the best so far ! items ordered : thai spring rolls glass noodle salad with chicken and shrimp ginger seafood dish pad woon sen with chicken yellow curry ( substituted yellow curry sauce for green curry sauce ) dishes can run a bit spicy , i found , but i am a wuss .	1361
1	been here for breakfast before as well . large bar selection . the fries were excellent	1380
1	best thai food in charlotte ! i have been coming to this restaurant since 2008 and i absolutely adore it . i 've tried most ( close to all ) the thai restaurants in charlotte and this one always comes out on top . the staff is wonderful , always very welcoming and provide wonderful service . the lunch special ca n't be beat ! large portions , a spring roll , and soup for under $ 10 ! i 've tried quite a variety of items on the menu and have yet to be disappointed . if you 're in the mood for good thai food then this place is a must !	895
1	chef michael o'dowd of kai fame has revitalized this place , it 's amazing again ! the food is innovative but most importantly delicious and the drinks are great . now we are looking forward to going back again ! ! ! the restaurant menu items are great , but the real gems at the best prices may be on the bar menu .	1294
0	do n't waste your time coming here . they must not need to make money because when my boyfriend brought a tire here to get repaired they barley looked at it and said it could n't repaired when clearly it could . took our business elsewhere .	2542
0	my garage door was fixed without a problem , manny came out to work on my door and was great . the only problem that existed , was calling in the issue . there was poor customer service on lodi 's end . i had called in for service , the gal over the phone was rude and unprofessional . please train your employees to provide great customer service to your long time customer 's .	3931
1	new to arizona and i 'm very picky when it comes to my nails and where i go , saw this place had a groupon so decided to give it a shot . this place was amazing , pricing was good , and staff was friendly , had appt . at 11 , got there a few minutes early and they sat me down right away ! i did n't get the mans name who did my nails but he did an amazing job ! found my new nail salon here ! !	1288
0	bad service from the younger kid taking orders . food was good . service sucks ! it is located on 67th and lower buckeye corner . outside seating.. it 's basically a food truck .	797
0	rude people should not be in charge of taking donations . i 'll be taking my stuff somewhere else from now on .	128
1	it 's not fancy , but we 've always loved this place ! student on a budget ? you can get pizza , wings , and garlic bread ( and drinks too ) for way cheaper than anywhere else , and we always love the food . it 's delicious , cheesy , and hot . the leftovers are great too . the service is always friendly and happy when we go in , and delivery is pretty quick as well . we will continue to go here as long as we live in the area .	810
0	used to love this place , bought couches in old store . mean older woman prancing around with poor people skills and etiquette . next location will be in gutter if they keep this up !	96
0	drove by this place and thought it might be a diamond in the rough ! it 's more like an ugly rock ! not much here , seems very empty , reminds me of garage sale left overs	2186
1	i went to this nail salon for the first time today for a pedicure . it is very clean , the massage chair was great . and , the technician who did my pedicure was very good . she took her time - a full 45 minutes just for my spa pedicure . i have been to high end salons and paid twice as much for a pedicure , and this was just as good as those that i paid a lot more for ( of course it 's a salon atmosphere , not a spa atmosphere , but for what i paid , it was more than i expected ) . i will definitely go back .	3572
0	i have ordered from here before . the food has been ok. my last order i ordered over $ 100 of takeout but was missing the salt and pepper squid . i phoned to to tell them . the lady who answered says her friend put it on top . i did not get the squid yet she is telling me her friend put it on top . please check the order before you leave ! i will never order from them again . i do not like liars and dishonest people . very sad when that happens .	568
0	never again will i go to massage envy at rock springs . the service has really gone downhill . all the good therapists have left . the last several times they have started 10 minutes late and ended 6-7 minutes early . as a long time member who has literally spent thousands of dollars between my wife and i , i would expect a little better service . trying out boca park next week .	528
0	not a good experience at this ben and jerry 's . i ordered a brownie special . the brownie was hard and the hot fudge that i asked for was not hot . the lady serving me the icecream said the hot fudge machine was n't even on . her coworker just laughed and said `` oh thats funny . '' since when is serving a customer a crappy brownie special funny ? 2/5 would avoid .	157
1	i 've ducked into a few stores in montreal and have often been overwhelmed by the prices ( usually double-digits for run-of-the-mill titles ) . beatnick is the first place where i thought some things were actually cheaper than normal ! maybe it was because of their condition , but i found some great deals . the selection is decent . not huge , but some quality titles and the bilingual staff seemed very helpful .	1136
1	great job on the remodel , love that it has a starbucks and two levels . everybody was super nice and helpful ... greeted by all workers there , even one that was on break . parking lot is kinda sucky ... spaces are close but it is a small plaza and at an awkward spot being on that weird corner . way more selection than the old/smaller one that was there .	1061
0	food for my companion and myself was fine . the issue was the charge . the menu listed our meals as $ 8.99 per plate . 2x8.99 plus tax , then , as we ordered no drinks . yet , when i went to pay i was told it was almost $ 24 ! i asked to see the tix and it matched our order , so wth ? began to question it , got nowhere , and was embarrassed since i was paying the check and thought i looked cheap . had a friend call that same night and ask how much the tix would be for the same meals - his amount was also different from mine and the menu ! beware the bill !	7
0	horrible experience at this office . the office is disgusting dirty . the doctor was nice enough . the staff and business is definitely fishy . this office has such old outdated equipment . i wo n't be returning here there are much better dental offices in las vegas . this place tries to scam you into outrageous dental work that you do n't need . i went here a while ago but after going to another dentist this experience still stands out .	3053
0	a pathetic excuse for a pharmacy ! rude , uncaring and could give a crap whether you get your prescription or not ! as a retired physician i can not believe how the pharmacist treat 's patient 's and she care 's les wheteher you get a prescription that you have to have or not . a physician with this attitude would be sued for malpractice . choose any other pharmacy , this walgreen 's is the world 's worse ! ! ! ! !	1733
0	disappointed ! ! ! i told the girl i do not want my eyebrows thin , i said full just like yours , she acted like she understood , i get back to work and take a closer look , they are paper thin ! it takes almost a month to grow my eyes brows fully ! why say yes you understand if you really do n't ! ! this is the newest girl , so disappointing ! !	460
0	excellent food which they always run out of at some point . it is just not worth going there and waiting in line then find out they do n't have your favorite thing on the menu again . management does not care about guest happiness or satisfaction . i would trade a higher price for some consistency in this lost restaurant any day .	1365
1	love it here ... been a member for some time now . always look forward to my monthly 90 minutes massages & facials .	1950
0	i had a horrible experience , a yelling match with the manager back in september with a girlfriend . the owner has since apologized for the this employee 's behaviour . i 'll return eventually and see how a new experience will be like .	390
1	i always stay here when in toronto for business . the view to the lake and walking distance to cn tower as well as other social joints makes a great fit . the bar in the hotel is always buzzing . do try the hummus dip combo .	1859
0	i have been waiting for 20 minutes for epic valet to find my vehicle . several colleagues are experiencing the same situation . they are working at a company grand opening and this level of incompetence is extremely detrimental to the guest experience . if i was the paying customer , i would be livid . there is a line of 14 people waiting to get their vehicle , standing out in the arizona heat . as an event planner , i would advise any company against using this service after my experience tonight .	2668
0	horrible service , there is always a line of customers and like two teller working . if you go into the bank plan on waiting in line for at least 30 minutes no matter what time of day you go in . they need to hire more tellers period . here 's an idea instead of having someone stand at the front door saying hi to everyone that walks in and ask them why they are in the bank have that person get behind the teller counter and actually help customers so they can get on with the day instead of standing there doing essentially nothing .	20
1	i must say i love the menu board outside ! to start all the soup a are great however the dublin onion soup is to die for . the perch diners are the best in the area , when my friends were here from california they came several times and just ordered the perch platter .it is always perfect the breading is not greasy.fish is so tender . what else can i say the best . the corned beef is also good . the service is good waitresses are plreasant .	1510
1	professional , prices are great , polite and timely ! was very impressed with oscar . scheduled an appointment for him to measure . . . . on time said they would be ready in 10 days to 2 weeks ... .. install was completed a bit ahead of time .	475
1	i 've bought several cars here through the years . both new and used and have had nothing but great experiences . nice people .	2432
0	the pictures look better than the food taste . we ordered a fuku and kinoko burger and a side of garlic fries . booth burgers did not have much flavor and the garlic fries tasted like regular fries . the garlic fries also came with the smallest side of their crack sauce , i wish they would give a little bigger side of the sauce . i really liked the concept of this place which is why i gave the two stars but i had much higher expectations for the food .	964
1	they say you leave your heart in san francisco . well , in las vegas you leave your dignity . also , possibly your underpants . i think you all know which one i prefer .	315
0	the waitress was great but the food was not . my chicken was rubbery and poorly seasoned . i just ate a few bites of the chicken which i ended up giving the leftover chicken to my parent 's dog .	1491
1	i 've had mixed results with this hertz branch . once i arrived at 5 minutes to the posted opening time on the front door and the guy inside would n't open the door until the magical time despite the fact it was raining and 3 customers were waiting to get in ! other times , i 've had great service . you will need to assert yourself and check their work ( gas is full , car size/class is what you asked for , etc ) .	2862
1	we had a great steak dinner and decided we wanted some ice cream ! i found this place on yelp looking for dairy free ice cream options . this place was amazing . they gave us samples of everything so we could make our decision . i can only describe the ice cream as green tea matcha meets ice cream ! i 'm pretty sure we 'll make this a regular stop when we 're back in town .	2984
1	dr. archibeck is an amazing doctor . she listens to everything you say and works with you to help you understand your health and the reasoning for medications she 's prescribing . office staff is also great and will work with you . ca n't recommend them enough .	236
0	forgot why we stopped coming to these theatres , first of all no reclining seats no free refills in drinks not that it is needed but that is a perk also not the selection of drinks that amc has ( every thing you can think of and able to mix ) . ticket prices are higher and the theatres are not very clean . ugh i will never come back here sorry to compare but amc has us spoiled- recline large couch seating , matinee prices for $ 5 -6 serve yourself drinks everything you can imagine , free refills . and very clean .	2524
0	i have used holton wise property group to manage my rental property in cleveland and have not been happy with them . they charge excessive fees . i was charged $ 320 to replace 2 door locks to my units . i would not recommend their services to others .	691
1	love this place ! thanks for the free ev chargers ! ! ! i now make wf 's part of my new grocer routine .	3874
0	the food quality was okay , but the sweetness is too high . while service was terrible ! no one cares until you ask for a menu , or to do anything ! we had to grab the waitress every time even though only 1/2 of the seats were taken	22
1	took the r100 training class and had a great experience . small class so we all had great one on one time with the instructor . good enough i may sign up for another class .	1128
1	the resort was perfect and comparable to many 5 five star hotels . the manager is very helpful and clearly wants to keep her guests happy . the rooms are very clean and i will definitely come back . thank you kristina for making sure my stay was amazing . its as clean as , if not cleaner than , 5 star hotels on the strip . all in all , an amazing stay .	3091
0	i spent 15 minutes in the store . young , lazy salesgirl did not acknowledge my presence nor did she offer to help me . most likely i would have purchased several items had there been adequate customer service . there are many unique stores on ellsworth as well as s highland with excellent salespeople . skip this one .	3224
1	tried this location for the first time this morning . food was good as usual . ordered a # 1 which is the chicken biscuit . the only drawback is it seems as though the chicken biscuits are getting smaller and smaller these days	572
0	we went a month ago-ordered 2 sandwiches and shared a fry and bought 2 drinks . $ 37 dollars ? the sandwich was great the fries awful . they opened this huge door and with the cold wind we were freezing-our food got cold fast and we left feeling ripped off-cold-and unsatisfied . we are not fussy fanatics either ... .. would never go there again . the staff was only good part .	144
1	always book here because i love the fish pond . i recommend it to everyone i know . i ca n't believe more hotels do n't invest in attractive amenities .	2296
0	i went in to get a fill and not only were they rude but told me they were closed . they still had the open sign on and refused service . guess they do n't want my money .	822
0	went here twice before work for a cinnamon roll . did n't have any . they barely had any donuts to choose from . did n't really want to settle for the nasty aftertaste they have anyway . do n't see the point in being open 24hrs if you 're not going to offer a decent selection of all your items at all times .	2053
1	this is a hidden gem in this plaza . great chinese food at a good price ! the staff , however , was n't very forward with the `` warm n ' fuzzy '' . but , the food makes up for it . what 's with the attitude in this plaza ? maybe they are getting hostess tips from the `` happy '' bunch at the ny bagel deli !	668
1	this was my first time coming and i had a great experience ! ! ! i got a pedicure and a gel manicure for a reasonable price . i requested a specific design that i found on pinterest and she was able to do it . everything was clean and the massage chairs are great ! i definitely will be going back !	686
1	we 've been visiting petland for over 2 years now . we went in just about 3 weeks ago to get our monthly food supply for our blue heelers and ended up falling in love with the cutest english bulldog we 'd ever seen . 2 hours later we were on our way home with biscuit . we took him to the free vet visit they offer and he is 100 % healthy . this is our second great experience with petland . what 's nice is that the staff knows what they 're talking about and are always polite and remember us when we come in for supplies .	1894
0	would definately not return ! 6 of us ate here during spring training and there was n't one good dish amongst us . the salads were even bad . i had the cheese walnut and fruit salad and it was flavorless , probably because it was so cold , was it kept in the fridge already prepared ? the greek salad was uneatable . the lobster ravioli 's were swimming in sauce , the pizza was soso .	368
0	i refuse to give them my service after i went in to browse and politely made it very clear to the salesman i was only looking and would not be purchasing and basically to let me be ... .and he creepily followed me around the store and asked if i needed anything 5 times in the 10 minutes i was there . it started making me feel like they thought i was stealing or something ! if i say i do n't need help i mean it . please do n't stare at me from behind the lamp !	3738
1	i like this store- it 's got a little of many things , and the employees seem friendly . i had to get a few odd school supplies for my son and was pleased i could find them here much more affordably than online . some of the items are tj maxx-ish ( metal candle lanterns , wall hangings ) but i guess they can fit into the crafter 's repertoire . it was crowded tonight ( monday ) due to the holidays .	204
1	this is a great small mexican restaurant . the menu is ample , they have casual seating , bar area and an outdoor patio . they do have two tvs in the bar area for entertainment . the decor is truly amazing . large portions ! staff is very friendly and attentive . convenient to highway . i had a fajita taco salad which was delicious ! they give you chips and salsa as an appetizer .	320
1	will for the month of september all movies are only $ 5.00 . it 's great but if you plan on going during the weekends plan on hanging out with teenagers . i have never seen so many kids . it 's good that the kids are staying out of trouble and watching an affordable movie , but no thanks .	491
1	target on west charleston blvd . and rampart has been remodeled for this summer . birthday cards , school supplies , home furnishings , clothes , cosmetics , cleaning supplies and technology apparatus , this is a one stop shop . this is also a child 's delight , toys , gaming and books ! the aisles were neat and tidy . the shelves were stocked . there 's a new addition with just liquor . the self-check out is a quick exit option . school uniforms are on the racks . customer service line moved quickly . silver state schools credit union atm machine . kid-friendly shopping .	583
0	walked in to inquire about membership after shopping for nearby gyms . they had a sign advertising remodeling specials , but when we walked in , they said the specials expired yesterday . the girl at the front desk just stared at us for a minute before she pointed out a sales person . he was with a couple , so we decided to wait . we waited about half an hour . then the salesperson did n't acknowledge us after several minutes , so we left . bad service all around , and we did n't even get to see the gym .	2066
0	boo . i picked up my pepperoni pizza and this papa john 's was out of parmesan cheese . how can you be out of parmesan cheese on a wednesday evening ? the pizza was ok , nothing to write home about .	1406
1	i have been going to gianna christine for a number of years now and have never had anything less than a great experience . shannelle , my stylist , does a wonderful job every time . very helpful and skilled . the staff taking payments and answering phones are always friendly . both my sister and mom also go there now and always get great results .	3489
1	i 've rented from 2 different management companies before and i have never experienced such quick repair work . each time i 've submitted a ticket , someone is at the apartment within 24 hrs . the apartment itself is n't the best , but the response to repair work is amazing .	3734
1	gave osmow 's a try today for lunch and enjoyed it ! i had the half/half beef , which is beef shawarma on rice and fries . they re-cook the beef on the flattop with tomatoes and onions when you order , so the final product has a texture more similar to cooked ground beef . they topped the beef with an extremely generous amount of creamy osmow sauce . it 's pricey for the portions you get , but i enjoyed my food and it 's nice to get more diverse food options out in this part of markham . would come again !	678
0	i hate to write a bad review but the young girls making the order must have been new ! they confused all my orders , were not aware what kind of meat they were putting and i had to keep repeating myself ! the cashier was no help . they kept trying to rush me as the lunch rush came in instead of trying to help so now i 'm checking my food by the cash register without any help and yes they are still messing up all my orders . i spent 60 $ for horrible service and not even the right food ! i 'm so upset with this place .	214
0	very excited to get a new restaurant in the neighborhood , we stopped by on day 1 . food was average at best - service was ok and we paid 145 bucks for 2 kids meals , 2 appetizers and 2 entrees priced at 25 each ! we had no dessert and 1 drink priced at 12 bucks . a kids grilled cheese sandwich came out with crispy bacon and yellow tomatoes . i am all for healthy eating for the kids but it was too much . i wish them the best but was hoping for a better dining experience . the layout and ambience is nice .	1331
1	i have ordered tons of cakes from here and have never been disappointed . they are great at making your idea come to life . they have great customer service and there cakes taste as great and they look you wo n't be disappointed .	868
1	i had an inspection in the morning and i needed a pipe fixed right away . mr. rooter responding quickly and had someone at my location within an hour . kevin v. assessed the problem and fixed it quickly and efficiently . he gave me all of my options so i was able to make a choice that fixed the problem , prevented future incidents , and was the most cost effective . i recommend their services without reservation .	2748
0	not worth even 1 star.. worse experience ever . food was cold and blend and the worse customer service ever..not sure how that ace still open . shame .	340
0	just a quick note . me and my father arrived at 2:31 and were denied service . my father has a bad leg and cundo only walk slowly . i send so many people to your establishment when asked what the best tacos in the hood . they could of been a little lenient . dissatisfied .	1469
0	showed up at 9:50 , store was completely closed and shut down . the store hours are clearly posted online until 10pm . incredibly frustrating to drive over to your location to be met with locked doors during store hours .	2162
0	my husband and i come in here on occasion after going to the gym . i usually just order a tall plain coffee just pike or blonde nothing complicated . at every other location i go to , they pour it right there and hand it to me . at this location kevin is always behind the counter , the last two times we 've come in the rest of our order is ready and i 've had to ask kevin for my coffee . it would be nice if the service was consistent no matter what location you go to . i will not be coming back to this one .	2778
0	was excited to give this place a try but was disappointed . i tried the elk bleu burger it was very dry , chewy , and tasteless i was n't able to eat it . i never had elk before some maybe i did n't know what to expect but i thought it would at least have more flavor than it did . i did really enjoy the fries especially with the ginger ketchup and the onion rings were crispy and good . basically the sides outperformed the main dish . if i try this place again i will definitely be choosing a different burger .	1417
0	the scheduling woman , annette , is extremely rude and unapologetic . when scheduling a time to come in to my home for an appointment , they did not provide the 30 minute call ahead they said they would . she then called to reprimand me for not being there and said that i was being irresponsible . i tried to let her know that i did not receive the 30 minute prior phone call even letting me know that the technician was going to be there . she told me i was wrong and refused to believe me . while the technician 's service was neutral , the scheduling woman was one of the worst customer service experiences i have ever had .	2890
1	we had a very pleasant experience with our recent ashley purchase . our salesperson was very knowledgable and professional . she even had some great ideas for switching out the throw pillows . our furniture took a little while to come in , but that was expected because it was on a sale . it was delivered on the day they promised and during the time slot promised . i would shop here again !	1442
1	great food great service . best thing in the menu is the chicken on the rocks . great addition to the area	678
1	we purchased a property through prudential a couple years ago . prudential has nice , upscale offices and seems to support their associates well . we worked with christina cova-simmons and could not be happier with the way everything worked . she is a class act and i look forward to working with her again .	2217
1	really great addition to leslieville among the usual trendy offerings . the food is delicious ( ordered veggie roti , plantains , rice and peas and bammy ) and the owner/chef and staff really nice . will definitely go back !	731
1	best service out of all the other dd locations ! the staff is friendly and quick . they even gave my dog a treat while i was waiting for my coffee ! must come if you love coffee and a nice ambiance !	606
0	been in line for 10 minutes . 12 people in front of me and they have not taken a single order since we got here . they are painfully understaffed . two people working and a third guy -- not the heck sure what he is doing . a bunch of very annoyed people who ordered are awaiting their drinks as well . i 'd leave but at this point am too vested .	2095
0	1 spa was drained , every pool had a bunch of debris , 1 pool was closed , if it 's windy the water from the waterfall sprays over everyone . some pools were cold , the fish pool was heated to be lukewarm , the spa was slightly warmed . cheap food and good onion rings , drinks are n't too expensive either	2193
1	this place is an ultimate guilty pleasure . i live nearby and try to resist the urge to visit . the donuts are a little bit too sweet for my taste but the texture is perfect . they melt in your mouth ! i usually only have the original glaze . the others are just way too sweet .	2666
0	it was quite good when it opened several years ago , but its rapidly gone down hill from there.generally its that they hire young kids to work there and they could n't care less about quality . the amount of meat a sandwich has is laughable , and maybe 3 of the last 5 times my order has been wrong . as others have mentioned , the workers often talk about personal issues while customers are in the restaurant , and since they are elevated , they are easy to hear . very unprofessional . jimmy johns is better for bout the same price , or even better , jersey mikes .	724
1	the parking garage is very convenient and there are a lot of parking spots . the store is organized and clean . this location also has a starbucks and a cvs pharmacy located inside . during the evening hours ( 5-7pm ) and afternoon time ( around 12pm ) on the weekends , the store gets very busy !	1626
0	this was our second trip here and i was a little bummed . on our first trip we got the soft serve and shave ice which both were fantastic . today we got soft serve and the matcha float . the cashier literally just handed someone back their change and then handed me my soft serve ! ! ! no gloves on , did n't even wash her hands . red flag ! definitely not sanitary , money is so dirty . and the float had a lot of ice . too much ice , as a matter of fact . it was 2/3 of the float . such a disappointment sadly .	2984
0	it was very expensive considering none of the rides were working . also you have to pay for tokens , they 're not included . laser tag was fun but there was no one really how and who get to go next . cheap prizes at for too many points ! i will not be returning there	3791
0	went here on a tuesday morning at 10am had to work at 12:15 thought i had plenty of time with only one barber and one guy in the chair . while i was waiting some guy showed up walking around like he owned the place and jumped in the chair before me . the barber and him were clearly friends . now i 'm on my way to work without my haircut . do n't go here if you ca n't wait several hours to get your hair cut .	761
0	would not go here at all , went there waited on the whole 5./ machines they have and then was told there was a line for.machines when there was n't . why the he 'll even go there if you ca n't sit in an open seat . drinks are mediocre and service is horrible i hope this place gets shut down . also ordered a sandwhich the meat was rainbow colored which is usually bacteria . do n't go here it sucks !	1066
0	i love target just not this location . every time i come here there are only 3 or 4 registers open ( with long lines ) and stocking carts all over the store abandon .	583
0	my review is based on price . i called to get the price on steaming a bridesmaids dress the lady on the phone said price starts at $ 100.00 . i about dropped the phone i said its not a bridal gown its a formal dress i do n't even want it cleaned just pressed . she says i know bridal gowns start at $ 200.00 . i hung up and called boston cleaners they quoted me $ 15.00 and 40 % off for 1st time customers . i also called thunderbird dry cleaners and they quoted me $ 10.00 . so why do you charge 10 times what the competition charges ? i 'm still in shock . signed a confused bridesmaid .	2070
1	i actually like this mall , mainly because it is a place close to my kids daycare/preschool where i can kill some time . i know it does n't have many high end stores , but i can relax for a few minutes . another bonus are the girls who are selling the flat iron , if you buy one you can get your hair done for a year , needless to say i am on that chair almost every week .	2815
1	this is my favorite place to receive car service . the staff is always so friendly . they always make you feel very well taken care of . i always refer my friends and family here . they have a very nice waiting area , you do n't feel like you are waiting in one of those smelly oil changing shops . definitely worth stopping in and checking out !	1989
1	chicken cobb pool-side sprouts , avocado , so good ! six dollar cokes - bargain ?	1299
1	it 's tight but cozy . the beers are great . not a lot of choices but what they do have is done well . i had the mussels and fries and they gave a large portion of mussels and lot of fries . the mussels were plump and juicy and just the right amount of spicy . oh i did forget to mention a couple of the mussels were n't cleaned well unfortunately ( had gravel ) . but only one or two so it was n't a big deal . overall a good time !	670
1	what a great experience considering i needed the rental because my car was in the shop . i thought i was only going to need the rental until the end of the week , it lasted for 3 weeks and 2 days . each time i needed to extend my contract , the team , mostly ifa , made it quick and painless . the car was in great condition and got me around and especially kept me able to go to work . turning it back in was also pain free and everyone was very professional and friendly . thank you enterprise , for dropping me off !	3024
1	i loved it ! the food was grreat , the servers very attentive but never 'in your face ' . we were stuffed and happy when we left today . it 's not too pricey and what can i say , was able to carry on a great conversation with my son and enjoy great food ! had a lovely afternoon there and would not hesitate to highly recommend it to others !	1279
1	my absolute favorite spa ever ! the view from the pool of camelback mountain is unmatched by any other spa in town . so relaxing ! i love going with my husband too bc there are more opportunities to be together and use the spa amenities than any other spa i 've been to with the co-ed napping room and pool with yummy cocktails and healthy food options for every type of diet . well done joya !	2305
1	getting out of college my friend told me to go with her to check out this new place and wow it past my expectations ! it is delicious , you choose what milk you want , what flavors and last but not least you can add different supplements so that 's great ! also they have a variety of yummy protons snacks you can choose from . i will definitely come back here again and recommend to my friends and families !	3302
1	i was apprehensive to bring mr. vac and sew my vintage singer sewing machine for repair after reading so many negative reviews . larry could not have been more pleasant . the estimate was ready in a few days as promised , and the repair and refurbishment completed within two weeks . machine works perfectly now and was done at a very reasonable cost . i will not hesitate to return when i need repair or maintenance .	932
1	ditto all the previous reviews ! ! ! from start to finish this company was great to work with . i recommend asking for jerry . he met with us when it was convenient for our schedule and helped us choose a great new look for our pool . the workers were great about cleaning up after themselves and our pool looks great ! thank you cdc pools ! !	659
0	agreed ! ! they suck ! ! do not hire these folks ! my stove has been out since jul 14 , i am one week shy of a month . poor follow-up from reception . they never call you back . my home warranty refunded my service fee due to poor service . awaiting 3rd visit ... '' i 'm on my way '' ... .over 45 mins later and i 'm still waiting . i just called and he 's still at another location . will be another 30 mins ; you have got to be kidding me ? ? ! ! zero ! ! a big fat zero is what they earned from me .	3885
1	love the service . they took the time to listen to and address my health concerns , were knowledgeable and friendly . it was n't hard to schedule and the wait was n't horrific .	1916
1	i had the works car wash yesterday . they did such a good job it was like a mini detail . the inside of my car was really dirty and needed help . i thought they spent the right amount of time to do a thorough job . i 'll definitely return .	3250
0	never written a bad review before but that 's going to change . the `` bar manager '' shannon was one of the rudest people i have ever met . went on a chill sunday and got my card thrown back at me after i accidentally left it in the checkbook . was extremely rude from the start aswell . i come here after work sometimes as i work in the industry aswell . will not be going back .	1966
0	they wo n't complete your hair removal , they stop just short and then begin to charge you again . i feel tricked for how much i paid . disappointed . staff were nice though .	3417
1	dr. sachdeva was very caring and polite to both me and my kids when i brought them in . everyone is always courteous and willing to help as much as they can . definitely will be coming back !	2209
1	strolled in here a little before six in the morning . everything was up and running smoothly . the lady behind the counter was so dang nice , it was a nice preamble to sugary doughnut i was about to devour . i had already purchased a coffee from another location that will not be named . a doughnut from d & d is same same just about everywhere you go . a solid experience .	618
1	loved it here ! everything was amazing ! the pool , the wine , the rooms , the robes but what made this place over the top exceptional was the staff ! charlie and i visited about places to visit and hike this morning , but all of the staff was exception ! my hats off to you all , you are doing it right !	3859
0	i was notified that the new management/owners were trying to attract a higher clientele therefore they are raising my rent $ 200 for a new lease . i find that statement disrespectful , rude and discriminating . raising my rent by $ 200 is $ 70 higher than what they advertise online for new renters . this complex is not 'ultimate in style ' as advertised and does not warrant such a high rent . i will be moving at the end of this lease and do not recommend this complex .	3700
1	best club in downtown phoenix , friday 's if you like hip hop and saturday 's if you like to dance to latin music !	1734
1	i took my mom here yesterday . we were having our battery charged at the autozone . we asked the guy if there was a place to eat . the guy from the autozone recommend metro pizza . this was our first time here , we ordered fried calamari and we ordered a small modesto 9 '' pizza . we had gabriel waited on us . it was a fantastic place ! my mom & i love this place ! we will be back .	192
1	tapioca with mango was so delicious , the amount of tapioca was almost filled to the rim and topped with a good amount of fresh mango . my friends order steam milk with ginger , she love it that it was not too sweet and the custard consistency was perfect . will be back !	1513
0	i never even made it to see a dr. the front office staff if so rude , especially the young lady in the middle . the office had a very rush feeling & it was if you were a bother to be there . i 'll find another dr that does n't have staff and treat you like you 're the meat in a meat market ! !	3059
1	today my friend and i came in for a body massage . let me tell you ! the staff was very consistent , they ask you if you 're okay while giving you massage in troubled areas . very relaxing and clean . i did n't get my misuses name but she did a fantastic job . and i came home feeling so relaxed with no more tight pressure in my back . i am so happy my friend and i chose this place .	735
1	glen was awesome ! he was very helpful and educational and explained everything for me ! the service was fast and accurate ; thank you for such a great service ! i recommend the shop to my friends and family !	2123
1	yum ! i was pretty impressed with this place . it was packed and i was surprised that we got sat right away . they have lots of options and i was having trouble deciding . the server helped me choose things off the menu . food came out quick and their sweet tea was good too ! checking out at the front was quick . it 's also a plus that they have coupons too !	364
0	rude service . i was not satisfied with some products i purchased there , and when i went to return them , the guy at the counter did n't care to hear my concerns . he just wanted to process the return and get me out the door . i asked if they had a restroom i could use , he rudely replied `` no ! '' and just handed me my paperwork to get me out of his store . i will never return to this place again !	3699
0	oh , st. vinnie 's . you let me down . having been to many a thrift store as well as a bunch of antique shops/malls in the past week on my china plate mission , i literally laughed out loud while at this svdp location . the prices were absurd ! now , i 'm willing to pay a little more for something really nice . but when svdp is asking more for china plates than the same style/design ( in better condition ) at an antique store , something is wrong . and this was n't just one set or design . all the pricing amongst the dinnerware was bizarrely high . no purchase from me !	2646
1	super friendly staff and for the late flier they are willing to hold the plane and since i flew with them 14 hours to and from i can say that there great .	3642
0	great place to have a beer . but my beer was not that cold . for $ 6.95 for a draft it should be ice cold . i will not visit again .	3344
1	this taco bell location is pretty decent for the most part . i 've visited it several times over the past few years , and although they 've had an issue or two every now and then , i 'd say that they have been perfect for the majority of those visits . the dt moves fairly quick , the food is almost always tasty , and some of the employees are very friendly . this is definitely one of my go to spots for some quickie food .	859
0	chinese place with a french name ? pretentious , or just stupid ? sweet and sour fish was mushy as hell while the broccoli was raw . the whole dish smelled funny , like freezer burned , same with the hot and sour soup , and the steamed rice . sesame chicken was hilarious . i think they used a whole bag of sesame seeds . completely covered in sesame ... .could n't taste anything but sesame .	649
0	counts kustoms does not stand behind their work , i 'll never own another vehicle made by them again .	2978
1	dave was my service agent . even though the type of car i ordered was unavailable he went out of his way to find an acceptable alternative with no extra cost to me . thanks for the great service	3595
0	nasty hotel room . roaches in the bathroom , dirty stained spreads that had holes burnt in them . room had a awful smell . we had to stop somewhere because one of us was sick . this will probably be the last motel 6 we stay at .	3772
1	great theater and staff . fandango wouldnt help me out when i had a blowout and could n't make my movie on time . got there to see star wars with my son and its 45 minutes into the movie and the employee said do n't worry we will get you into the next one which was sweet . seating is so comfortable that i will not go to another theater with regular seats , the recliners are awesome ! no complaints !	3063
1	the people here are very friendly and punctual when it comes to you . they help you get back on the road asap so you can get get back on your way . : - )	307
0	beautiful furniture but god awful customer service . also super or communication after you think you paid off everything . i had to owe an additional $ 500+ because your financing department does n't know how to explain things and this is months after my purchase when i asked if there was anything i needed to pay off . never again will i purchase anything from this store . my family used to buy furniture from here all the time i do n't know how it 's gotten so bad .	439
0	this related to the pharmacy only pharmacy is now cvs -- i went to pick up a script today and the tech asked me in a loud voice my last name -- which is somewhat unique -- the in same voice asked for my dob . not cool -- i am not age sensitive but i am privacy sensitive and asking for last name and doc is not acceptable in this age of id theft etc . there is no reason for someone who is purchasing toilet paper to know my last name and dob . install a privacy window or something to protect privacy . show some sensitivity .	1178
0	i will never bring my baby here anymore i take my dog here because her doctor is close already and i know she is really sick the doctor here tell me she 's ok she ca n't no tell me what happened with my dog i tell her that my dog bleeding and she tell me she dint see anything i paid 85 dollar for nothing and i feel the doctor is racist the next day i have to bring my baby emergency to her doctor because she 's really sick i ca n't believe the other doctor ca n't tell me nothing	1864
0	very limited selection of sushi . every sushi roll contained mayonnaise . nasty . the presentation of each roll on its own sushi block made no sense for the limited table space . sushi rolls were also rolled too loosely . while service was generally attentive , we received the wrong sushi roll once ( which was quickly corrected ) and one of my dining mates got the wrong drink twice . e for effort , i guess .	516
1	this place is awesome . i went in today to get guinea pig supplies . the amount of stuff i got for $ 70 would 've cost me probably $ 200 at a chain pet store . the staff was so friendly and helpful . i 'll be back there for sure !	386
1	we rented from this company we had no problem at all . the did give us brand new car with 600 miles on it . check out was easy . the lady asked us about the insurance and the prepaid gas etc.. we declined and that was it . we booked through southwest web site great rate . nice car no problems .	2134
1	best latin music in lv ! the dj played awesome music all night and had a nice variety of latin music . we did n't reserve a table but they sat us up front at a table near the dance floor . so if you 're a group of ladies , that helps . waitresses and services were a bit slow but hey , it 's a club on a saturday night , that 's expected . hookah for $ 25 is an awesome deal so we got that too . overall an awesome experience , bouncers and management were very nice and funny . definitely coming back here on our next trip to vegas .	849
0	never step there , worse place to go we waited for hr for someone to finally do our nail . he was rude and did a very bad job did n't care if i was n't happy or not . i asked for the manager he said he is the manager . you are waisting your money if you go there !	2686
1	veteran from 1989 and finally switched all my banking over to usaa.. i should have done this when i first learned about usaa ... member now for about 4 years , great customer service , and all their apps work great , ! ! !	3429
1	as an adult , i had a good time here . i can definitely see how kids would just have an absolute blast . all the interactive displays even taught me a thing or two that i forgot from the school days . would be cool to see a larger electricity , electronics area . it 's a very popular area so a lot of the stations were occupied by one person for a long time . we were in and out of there in 1.5 hours . parking is validated in the garage adjacent to the science center , $ 3 .	3891
0	we first started to get crepes back when there where on mill ave under a different name back then hands down 10 stars . the sous chef would make them at night out on the porch highly skilled very nice presentation and the place was always packed at night . now it 's just a hot mess we went back to mill only to find the old place is closed down someone said he was making the crepes on asu campus on a food truck ? ? but all we could find was another lack luster crepe club	1011
0	tightest slots in vegas . great nachos . avoid the place if your a gamer . never won in the place .	1520
0	i ordered the chicken tikka masala , super basic . i 've eaten all over phoenix and this was the one place i could not finish my plate . three bites was all i could manage . it was horrible . service was alright , but you go to a restaurant to eat and i could n't do that . if you 're going to advertise as an indian restaurant , learn to cook indian food .	640
1	i spoke with management and i 'm very thankful they recognized their mistakes . ryan was excellent in rectifying the situation- thank you so much !	1424
0	be careful and read the warranty carefully . we have had issues with our screen on our new front door within months of installation . they do not back up their product . so much for veterans helping veterans . will not recommend them to anyone . screens should not pull out after a couple of months	3540
0	be warned , my group went there for a wedding . all three of our rooms had very scary paranormal activities happen in the evening time . do not go .	2658
1	i thought i had a problem with my car 's heater . i took it into virginia auto and they discovered that was only a symptom of a major engine problem . so they did some research on it and found out it was a manufacturer 's defect . they arranged for the dealership to get me a whole new engine , for free ! there was nothing in it for them , but they took care of all the details to get this done . tim got it all arranged for me and explained everything as he always does . i love these guys , they are smart , friendly and fair !	1067
0	this place is crammed with people , and really really bad drivers as well . i just witnessed a hit and run in the parking lot this past saturday afternoon and that woman just dashed away so quickly . after seeing that , i am very afraid of parking there anymore . and if you are the owner of that poor odyssey , you might be able to get some info from the surveillance cameras around the wal-mart , best-buy or petsmart area .	3721
1	i 've stopped here several times to pick up replacement bulbs and always had good service and advice . recently , i had a problem with an expensive low voltage fixture and amy and eric went all out to help . they called the manufacturer and then followed up with me the next day to tell me how to test it . turned out their advice saved me a bunch of money and stress - the transformers were fine , i just needed a different bulb . love them !	3426
0	dr. gunter is very condescending . i will not return to his office ever again nor would i recommend him as a dermatologist .	3598
1	i 've been here a few times and each time was fun . the drinks are cheap and the bartenders are friendly . good neighborhood bar where you can drink cold beer and meet new people . casual atmosphere and relaxing . ca n't say i 'm a regular but i 'm working on it .	1688
0	they do as good a job as anybody else if you can put up with the attitude and pay plenty for it . zero customer service skills . very snobbish with a huge sense of self-entitlement . let alone the number of excuses why your dog is never ready in time ( 5 hours later ... ) . so if you do n't have the funds or the time to take your pup in every other week at about $ 80 after all has been said and done , you 're better off at a more `` humble '' establishment where your business will be better appreciated .	1847
0	i really wanted to like this place , however , i tried the caramel and strawberry cheesecakes and both were very heavy with not much flavor . i had the lemon cake as well , same problem . not much flavor and although i was told it had cream cheese icing , this was not the case . i love their candy apples and went in today to get one . unfortunately , they did n't have any so against my better judgment , i ordered the lemon pound cake . another disaster . very heavy . so , i 've learned my lesson ; candy apples only for me .	3611
1	went in for a touch up on highlights and a haircut . used a groupon loved the job ashley did . it did n't really take any longer than when i go to a salon to do the same thing . i will be back .	354
0	kinda sucks i went in with a buy one get one smoothie coupon and they would not honor it . per the owner , they 've been `` scammed '' with online coupons before . my coupon clearly had their insignia , address , even an expiration date . i bought the coupon book from a fundraiser , not sure about their whole approach to customer service ...	3137
1	i went in to get an international driver 's license yesterday morning . it took no more than 5 minutes and the customer service was excellent .	359
1	monica fox helped me out with my car and made sure it got into the correct hands to make the service great . five stars customer service !	1819
0	what can i say it 's not like amc . seats were tiny i feel like a kid who needs a booster seat so it 's not comfortable at all . seems like an old movie theater like the one that we have inside the navy base in japan but other than that , the staff here are pretty nice .	2061
0	maple macciatio was not very maple flavour . it was quite disappointing , but this is purely based upon that one drink . considering that starbucks is really not a restaurant per say , but a small shop to buy smaller goodies .	3294
0	this place sucks ass . i went 4 days in a row to see maybe i 'd get better coffee and food . nope 4 days in a row i got frozen eggs on my breakfast sandwich . never go here again .	1761
0	my family is a big fan of chipotle . this new location was disappointing . my daughter found a very long hair in her bowl and i was given some very dry end of the bin barbacoa .	656
0	horrible service . had to return eggs ( snotty ) . had to return bacon ( wimpy and slimy ) . never came back to refill coffee . waitress was sabrina . i was holding the coffee cup up in the air . a guy asked if we wanted more coffee . we said yes , but he never came . my husband got up and got his own and then another customer followed suit . my niece was asked 3 times if she wanted more coffee and so far nothing . oops it just came . said the manager would come over but he did n't . they took one breakfast off but no manager .	317
0	worst ever . people from this market are very unprofessional . hispanic guys are always cursing & making nasty jokes in spanish . koreans are always talking stupid personal things in front of other customers . that 's why i get very pissed off when someone asks me if i am a korean , which is an insult to me .	715
1	you ca n't beat the value here , i come once a week . the rice is well cooked and fish is fresh . it 's a very extensive menu too . they have tempura shrimp which is pretty rare at this price . as well as dragon rolls . my favorite though is the spicy avocado rolls . some how the avocado is always perfect . highly recommended .	745
0	both of my dogs love the dog stop and the staff is great . the only problem is that my dogs come back really sick after an overnight stay and from daycare . one of the dogs got both giardiasis and tape worm and i 'm pretty sure it came from there . also , the younger dog always seems to come home covered in crap ( literally ) which somehow disturbs me . the dogs love it..but unfortunately that can not go back anymore .	3130
0	$ 8.50for a bean and cheese burrito and three street tacos , not drink . first the soupy bean and no cheese burrito was ok , no flavor . next the street tacos was plain as in no lettuce , no cheese . the carne asada was over cooked with liquid smoke as the flavor . i 'm giving two stars because the salsa was ok . sorry but i wo n't be back here again .	593
1	came here today for a work lunch and it was awesome ! we were able to reserve a table and order our food ahead of time because we have a short time for lunch . everything was awesome and service was perfect .	1458
0	racist/xenophobic door policies . they dont accept foreign forms of id , if you are international student , bring your passport or do n't bother . ( also do n't bother )	1966
1	smoothie was good and the wheat grass is a must .	2095
1	kimberly anderson-lloyd is the best ! she understands all aspects of the local market , which i desperately needed coming in out of state . she is super personable and always available for questions . the list goes on and on . there was so much kimberly has done and continues to do for our home buying experience . my utmost favorite was her picking me up at 7am from the airport and running through 11 homes all day , then dropping me off at the airport at 6pm . she 's hands down my favorite go-to for all things real estate . thanks , kimberly !	2217
0	just another casino bar with overpriced drinks . go gamble so you can drink for free .	2634
1	we had such a great time here for my girls bachelorette party ! i let them know in advance that we were celebrating a special occasion and they brought her a shot along with a cute surprise ! the music was good and they gave her a shout out multiple times . it was a nice change from your typical vegas club . will def come back .	849
1	best crew , best manager anna , clean and very friendly ! i love this panda ! ! ! the food is fresh every time i order from here .	1495
1	i liked where it seems to be heading . everyone was really nice . there was some confusion on my part at check in and they were really nice . there is n't any parking . the room i had needed a remodel , or maybe just new furniture , but it did n't seem dirty ... i am sorry this review was no help . the people that work there are very nice .	3162
1	the place to be if you need to buy your costume early ; that is , if you are between here , party city , and the halloween city across the path , then you 're probably going to find the costume you need at this time of year . even mid-september , they are faithfully stocked with everything you can require for	1882
0	this company was ridiculously unprofessional . i had an issue that needed attention right away and they said they would be to my house in one hour , it took five hours . when i called to ask what was taking so long at hour two , three and four i was told the electrician was on his way several times . when the supervisor showed up he did n't do much and said they had to return in the morning at 9am . at 915 am i received a phone call from them stating they could n't make it and would have to reschedule for noon to four . i called anytime electric instead and received quality on time work . call anytime electric .	1867
1	whole foods is awesome . they have a huge selection of organic and vegetarian items and a deli/bakery area with tables for a quick lunch or dinner . if you eat any of the morningstar farms products , this is a good place to get them . although you wo n't find them as cheap here as other places , they do have a really big selection . this is also a good place to get vitamins or any alternative health products .	3874
0	wow this place sucks . like the other the food is bland like they forgot to add salt and the portion size was very small . i asked both black and pinto beans and both steak and barbacoa and the portion size was way below what i get in california .	214
0	i have been coming to this lens crafters for years and was really disappointed today . there is a lack in customer service and the way i was treated when inquiring about retrieving my prescription after i had my eye exam there before a change from maricopa county 's insurance . it was almost like they did n't want to help me/give me my prescription because they were n't going to be making the sale with my insurance now changed and no longer accepted there ... even though i had my eye exam there before the changes , and i had called in advance to see if i could go in to retrieve my prescription to take elsewhere and they told me yes	3767
0	just came out of this store . customer service was the worst experience i 've had in a long time . three employees were standing at the register chatting for the 20 min i stood looking at small tvs . no one came to ask if i needed help . i did have a question and had to go find them to answer a question . they acted like i was disturbing then . wo n't be back to this store .	3192
0	bought 2 granite slabs , was not able to pick them up for a year do to a fire at my home , i had conversations with them to explain this and they acknowledged my issues . when i finally made it back to pick up my fully paid for granite in the amount of 679.26 the owner said it was n't there anymore and there was nothing he could do . i accept some responsibility for not picking up my granite sooner yes . however they would not right the situation in any way . poor customer service . please do not pay for anything unless you take it right away .	3532
1	finally had a chance to try this place last night and really enjoyed it ! i 'm known for advocating for local ingredients on menus and was thrilled to see mesquite woven into more than one token recipe . i very much enjoyed the mesquite-laced chicken and dumplings . the only reason i did n't give it 5 stars is because i thought the food was a little bit salty . that may be what helps keep it true to its southern cooking theme , it 's just hard on my body the day after . i will definitely go and try other dishes though , it 's good enough to not let that stop me !	254
0	i came today to get a waxing done i was ignored i waited from 12 to 1 i did n't think that was nice they lost a customer for good	3368
0	only get the coffee here . the food is n't good and is n't worth the price . pretty disappointed . the atmosphere is great , but they should have stuck to just a coffee shop .	308
1	i really like this eastern european market . i came in off my boss 's recommendation and i am so glad i did . they have some middle eastern products i have tried before like lavash bread and yogurt drinks . the employees are friendly and very efficient . if you do n't know what something is just ask . especially at the deli counter . i tried several new russian goodies that i just love now and it 's good to try new things ! they have a fried cheese dessert called syrinki ( spelling probably wrong ) and it so tasty ! give this place a try !	541
0	complete rip off ... they know your problem will not be fixable , yet come out and take your money anyway and say it will be more , plus extra time ... .who can do that when they own rentals ? this is the most dishonest business in phoenix ! especially eddie ! ( he even had the nerve to call me names by text with every other word misspelled ) . very unprofessional . losers like this should not be in business .	3879
1	best hardware store in vegas , possibly ever ! staff is awesome and knowledge . blows my mind how much stuff you do n't even know you need that they have . only place i ever go .	3086
1	great service and prices ! . i picked up a new computer there in december 2014 and will go there for all my computer needs .	2523
0	rude , arrogant and flippant salesclerks . the women we encountered at this location belong working at the dmv , and not in a retail environment where most clients expect to be treated with a friendly and respectful demeanor .	2277
1	went in on friday to see about getting a few pieces done . i met with sam , one of the newer artists there . he was super helpful in giving me an accurate price , time frame and good sketch of what i wanted . i wanted some lettering done , and turns out that 's his specialty . the shop is super well run , clean and the prices were right in line with what i was wanting . the work was done way above my expectations , just a great experience !	443
0	2 stars for falling out in 2 days ! my gf claudia got her eyelashes done and the entire time , vanessa , the one doing her eyelashes , was receiving instruction from a teacher who was telling her she was doing it wrong . i would never recommend this place to anyone .	3685
1	my favourite place to go for rice noodle rolls and milk tea ! ! the rice roll skin is so soft and the fillings have the perfect amount of flavour . if you enjoy hk milk tea , they make it the best here ! ! strong tea flavour , creamy with just the right amount of sweetness .	853
0	bartender sold me and a friend drinks at last call , then decided to take my friends drink away minutes after for no particular reason other than wanting to get home faster . sorry , bud , but if you serve a drink , expect it to be drunk , not chugged .	3569
1	decided on pdq for lunch and they never disappoint . the resturant as clean as when they first opened . all of their employees are nice , friendly , and a sense of humor . they have the new soda machines that give you a bajillion soda options . the food came out quickly and our order was perfect . the apples and dip are delishishness ! ! one new thing i did notice is they have a box where you can turn in your retired american flags ... very cool ... love this place ! ! ! they never disappoint ! ! !	998
1	i 'm so glad that this place exists ! i 've found so many things that i had been looking for here that now i 'm pretty much a regular . yes , the prices on a few things are expensive but the convenience of getting them here outweighs that .	2383
1	love the staff . ashley has helped me from day 1 and is always so understanding when talking with her . caroline was great and is a shame she is no longer here . ashley and caroline both are always helpful and care for these apartments and us , the tenants .	1610
1	very chill and intimate . perfect for a low key day . music could have been better but it was n't awful .	2193
0	they do n't honor ada accommodations . trust me - enroll elsewhere . also i taught college psych and knew more than some of the instructors . they behave like a cult & it is a sub-standard school . take the psych gre and go to a program that is ranked .	3073
0	every part that was replaced on my car , was replaced with an incorrect part . be careful with these guys .	1069
0	update - another month and they finally got it corrected . so much hassle having to call them multiple times and deal with multiple people . it seemed they never could remember you or the issue ( even overnight ) . it 's like starting over at square one . they even sent one tech over who evidently could n't do the job , but told no one . the office claims they do n't even know who they sent or that he did not perform . i 'll look elsewhere next time . i did give them two stars however , since they finally got it done . just took nearly 8 months from start to finish .	659
0	went to return a product , they said the money would go back on my credit card 24 to 48 hours it was july 13 , now it is july 19th 6 days later , still not posted . i think it stinks having access to money for so long , no interest paid to me , either in money , or by guest services . will not buy at target again .	2411
0	slowest service at any chipotle i 've ever been to . the online ordering process is always screwed up - never ready when it 's supposed to be , always missing items . other than that , great ...	869
1	the food is pretty good and the environment is comfortable and clean . the portions are huge . a good find .	779
0	service was extremely slow . went there at 3pm , like 3 other patrons in the whole place , but it still took ten minutes to get 2 margaritas . on the plus side , they were good when they finally came . bartender felt bad and made them super strong for our second round . but that ten minute wait was a real drag .	178
0	opens early in the morning for those if us who need to fly out early . service is friendly . place is clean ... . now . this place feels like a bar and not a place the serves 'breakfast daily ' . plastic plates and plates forks and knives . and i was eating at the restaurant . the food was a minor step above hotel food . it filled a gap but not something i would like to repeat or rave about . the prices are ok , but in an airport with limited choices ... there 's not much you can do ... . not sure i would come again ...	1400
1	marshall was incredibly helpful and made it very quick and easy to leave in under 2 hours with my new pal charlie . i did n't go in expecting to leave with a new companion but am glad this golden doodle caught my eye . the starter pack is impressive as it comes with a giant kennel , several toys , both dry and wet food , treats , first round of shots , and first vet visit . there 's probably more things they included that i had forgotten . very clean , very professional .	1894
0	they mixed up my dogs information with a complete strangers ! when my dog went missing they gave out the strangers information and my dog was only found because of craigslist ! ! what do i pay the city for ? ? ? and my other dog who got out , his information was n't even pulled up when they scanned his chip ! ! and when i went to fix it..they even had him in the system twice ! ! wtf ! on another note ... i did get her from the shelter and love her to death ! ! got her on her last day ! ! and love her crazy butt dearly !	2689
0	the worst place to get your nails done . rude and obnoxious . 45 $ for a pedi and thy forgot the praffin wax at the end . thats the whole point of a 45 $ pedi .	3309
1	i live very close to brazil bakery and have had visited their establishment a number of times , ordered savoury cod cakes , birthday cakes and pastries . the custard tarts and the cannolis are always a hit .	3184
1	you must see julia ! ! ! she is the best , polish , gel is perfect ! cuticles are perfect ! ! ! it took me many girls until i found her and their is no one better	3047
0	told is it would be an hour wait , it took 2 . they blamed it in how busy they were ( which is understandable ) however the center council was dirtier than when we dropped it off and we spent $ 50 . we will not be back .	127
1	it was a quick in and out for us . they were not pushy . we just wanted a quick ceremony and then a reception in the future back at home . we did the drive thru so it was awesome . however , i 'm still waiting for our proof of marriage so we can get things changed .	3867
1	came in with my roommate because we were really craving a cupcake . i must say the cupcakes were very tasty , but a bit expensive considering we 're not even in the city . other than that , the place was great and the service was very friendly . i had the dark chocolate cupcake and the whip cream was perfect no so sweet but a perfectly light . i would definitely go back again .	3749
1	chris is the best massage therapist on the planet . he gives deep tissue style massages . you need to know this . the pressure i 'm sure can be customized ... .but ... he is amazing when it comes to serious pressure . he only works in the weekends . this weekend availability is the only draw back . i always feel so much better after a trip to see him . i 've been to plenty of massage therapists . chris is by fa the best in arizona that i have come across .	2252
1	raymond and scott are very professional . they make buying a car easy . they were straight forward through out the process and did everything they said they would to help me and my family get the car we wanted . they have very nice cars at very great prices . i highly recommend them to anyone and i will definitely be back .. i would give them a 10 star rating if i could.. thanks again to all at wheels in motion auto sales .	2885
1	i fell in love with their panang curry ! there 's just something about the different spices that marry each other . i 've tried other panang curries in vegas and by far aranya is on point with the flavor and texture . today we ordered shrimp pad thai , beef kung pow , beef garlic sauce , and beef panang curry . all were great dishes ! filled us up quick . for dessert we had sticky rice with mango , one of my favorite thai desserts on the menu . the restaurant looks clean and well kept . service is fast and friendly .	1366
0	hmmm , i wanted to like it but it was just so so . the pho is not nearly as good as some of the restaurants down the street . the lemongrass chicken was alright but not as flavorful as i like it . the restaurant itself is very nice - large clean space - pretty the opposite of what i expect in a vietnamese restaurant . - guess i 'm more of a hole in the wall kinda gal .	194
1	my experience at physiotherapy was fantastic . i have had numerous knee surgeries , suffered complications , and had to attend pt for 10+ months 3-5 times a week . the staff was attentive and friendly and made the experience as enjoyable as it could have been .	2423
0	treated my family horrible . we will never be back . and they are anti breastfeeding . find a studio that treats kids like people ! also beware ! it is unsafe and not well monitored .	3713
0	i really was n't too impressed . i walked around the entire store trying to find help and i could n't . i mean talk about ghost town . i finally found someone who was helping someone else & i hate to interrupt when that happens but i did n't have a choice . after some of help , i found what i was looking for . the variety of choices here does not compare to other craft stores that i can go to . i would n't waste my time coming back .	1937
0	this was the second time we were there . we decided to give them a second chance , big mistake . the buns were hard , coney sauce was horrible ! the onion ring were extremely greasy . they were n't busy at all and it took forever to get our order . then when we got the order it was incomplete . i would never recommend for anyone to go there .	953
1	my sister and i have been coming to this establishment for the longest time because of susan 's wonderful work . threading is a major pain ( literally ) , but neither of us have ever suffered from bleeding or scabbing , ever . not only does she provide us with brow-tiful experience , she offers a comfortable and friendly atmosphere for the old and new . we would definitely recommend her !	3016
1	went today with my kids and a friend and her kids i watch the nut job ... cute movie . red rock played their show at a later time so decided to come to the first showing here . there was no line , but i always use the kiosk and no line there either . it is older and it used to be our go to theatre but it looks a lot cleaner than it was a few years ago . i liked how not busy it was and you can go get refills without having to show your ticket stub each time .	2450
1	i 'm glad i chose to bring my car here for service ! i definitely recommend working with greg whitwell . he was awesome to work with and super helpful through everything . he made the process as quick and painless as possible . thanks guys ! : )	307
1	love this store !	433
1	michelle creates a new facial experience to help me fight my aging skin every visit ! i just show up and she determines what my skin needs ! love her expertise in skin care at her no-nonsence reasonably priced facials !	750
1	very friendly service . although they messed up my order but we 're more than accommodating to fix it with a smile on their face	2849
1	located in a small plaza is an authentic japanese restaurant . very small establishment but has a seating area where you can sit down and feel like your in a japanese house . service was excellent , got seated immediately and food came out really quickly faster than sonics . limited on choices for lunch but all was excellent . soft rice to crispy katsu equals great quality . will be coming back again to try others on the menu ! recommend the katsu-don and katsu curry .	1
0	meh , i 've had better faster service with thee cocktail girls at other places .	2907
1	after the horrible experience of another rental ( hertz ) we were worried we 'd return this car and get robbed also . instead everything went perfect ! budget from now on ! my husband loved the kia soul so much it 'll be his next car also . so thanks budget . highly recommend this place ! ! had no issues , no scams , just all good . we prepaid btw . we also loved the car it was so clean and cute .	2134
0	2 stars because i 've had better . i had the fried rolls and a bowl of beef pho . only two rolls to an order and they were small . the beef pho was n't very flavorful even with sauces and toppings . also , the waiter brought both soups to the table and spilled a good amount of soup down my arm . we 're talking scalding hot broth . he apologized but it definitely put a damper on our lunch . $ 20 for two bowls of pho and an order of spring rolls .	1312
1	just had the most amazing impromptu girls date ! bao did an amazing job on our nails she new exactly what we wanted . very personable . we will be back ! i 'm not sure what the other review was talking about with the kids . there was a lady with her daughter in there .	3021
0	worst hibachi experience . i love hibachi in general . this is ranked last in my list . explained why it was empty on sunday lunch . the chef came in on the grill ... acted like someone forced him to cook for us ... obviously no show & tricks ... i had to ask him to cook chicken more because he was ready to serve half cooked chken.. sake was the worst i ever had . never again ! !	890
1	i 've been a customer since before the owner opened her own shop . i 've always had great service and never leave disappointed . i recommend this place to anyone looking for wax services .	1875
0	came in at 6:15a and was told doctor wo n't arrive till 7a and i am second patient . fast forward it is 8:45a and still waiting to see an doctor . no urgency ! had so much time i decided to write a review for this place . i wonder what the 3rd , 4th , 5th , etc . have to wait if i was 2nd wait ? horrible . wish my family doctor was n't closed on weekends .	2517
0	no . my hair was ruined by the dye job and i had to cut it off . multiple tries to get it right , $ $ spent , and i finally gave up in disgust and went to a different aveda salon .	335
1	great customizable options as well as pre-made combos ! fast service , delicious ice cream , and friendly staff make me want to come back over and over again !	3813
0	took my 2008 crv for recalls june 9th and to check and see if what was wrong with the air conditioning was a previously reported problem regarding the clutch . received the call on august 2nd that it was the compressor . amazing that they had my car for that whole time and waited until all the recall work was done to then tell me that the air conditioner was n't covered and honda was n't going to give any good will credit . while i loved my crv and thought thats what my next new vehicle was going to be , now i can say never again . horrible customer service .	3074
0	this places has amazing light fixtures with very unique designs . that said , they 're very ostentatious and exceed the average person 's price range . the staff was not at all helpful when i went in and asked for something specific , and upon looking it up elsewhere i found that their items were way overpriced . this would 've been understandable and i would n't have minded much if they had treated their customers with more respect .	3426
0	about to walk out because of no one at cliniqe counter and loud women working at estee laudet counter talking about how tired they are and not calling anyone over to help ! how can there be no one at the counter for 20+ minutes during bonus time ! ! ! the crowd was getting rowdy but i was first in line so i ended up staying . someone finally came over to help and said that the person at the counter was at lunch . not good .	139
1	i live about a mile from here and decided to give them a try because i had a friend from out of town visiting . kayla did a great job on my nails and was very thoughtful . very clean and nice environment	655
0	do not buy giftcards ! i bought a giftcard for my sister for $ 150 and when my sister went to use it had $ 0 on it . the card was spent the next day when it was still wrapped in a birthday present for my sister 's 30th birthday ? no , an employee switched the cards at the register . always check the receipt and make sure it matches the numbers on the giftcard they give you .	3153
0	if you want to go through h*ll to park , and spend $ 6 on a stale microwaved funnel cake the size of a cupcake and a spoon-sized scoop of ice cream over frozen strawberries , then come to this cold stone ! : )	3646
1	my girlfriend and i have been on search for s new place . i think we found it . it 's clean , relaxing , music is soulful , henry did an amazing job on my fill in and jenny did an amazing job on my pedicure . she was also super friendly and talkative . loved both of them . think i 'll go back	3117
1	just got in from nj . i wanted to go to a club , prefer spanish music . this club is 10-15 min away from the strip . there were only locals this night . they played only spanish music . i was really looking for a place that played a mix of spanish and english music . the atmosphere was relaxed , clean . there was a lot of security we felt s men $ 10.00 cover girls get in free . good place to take a date , spouse etc ... we had a great time . i would go again . the only reason i gave them four stars because it was off the strip . we could n't walk there .	849
0	horrible service . we waited over 20 minutes to simply order our drinks . the restaurant is severely under staffed . it seems the only 2 waiters kept their focus to the customers at the bar only . all the customers including myself were losing patience and could not wait any longer . all in all it has taken well beyond an hour for 3 rolls . my last visit here .	408
0	you 're better off getting off than going through the drive thru , spent 20+ minutes there . save yourself the time and get off instead .	1342
0	just like any other target store . the only difference is that i can think of 6 different times where the lines of the 2-4 open lanes were so ridiculously long that i left my cart and walked out .	2398
0	this was by far the worst dinner i have ever had . ribs were so burned you could not eat the meat very well . rolls were under cooked now i know we were a large party of 9 but still the food was subpar . will i go here again . no i will go back to the one on 75th ave and mcdowell much better food and service there . never had mashed potatoes come to you that were not mashed just seem to be a mashed baked potato . shrimp was served cold and it was supposed to be grilled and hot .	1491
1	we 've been going to palm valley for about 10 years now and have nothing but good things to say . they are always responsive and courteous and i really trust them with my dogs . we just got a new puppy and found out she has worms and an abundance of ticks . i called first thing in the morning and had an appointment for the same day just a few hours later . they safely removed all of the ticks and got her started right away on a dewormer . i wish my regular family physician was this good ! : )	2887
1	this is a brand spanking new location ! since i have switch from the starcoffee place this is my go to coffee shop ! they have great coffee , fast and friendly service and loyalty cups with $ 1.00 refills ! ! ! woohoo ! ! ! they always have great promos as well . so the the app and get in her to get your daily caffeine fix ! !	1770
0	i 've been to a handful of froyo/frozen yogurt establishments and this one is by far the worst . the flavors are beyond bland and the worst is that they charge 25 cents for sample cups ... big red flag ? yes .	1184
0	horrible . even the cheese on the top of the nachos was not melted . greek salad was just a garden salad with a hunk of feta on top . could n't figure out the tv 's to accommodate the watching of a nhl final game . is n't this montreal ?	574
1	summerlin starbucks is a very nice , clean location with a super friendly staff . : ) this location offers nice seating and is located in the heart of summerlin . most of my fellow yelpers have covered all of the major points and have done a very good job in doing so . : ) we came here yesterday and once again we were impressed with how clean the store was ! ! holly offered up some fantastic service and 4 excellent drinks were delivered exactly the way we ordered . not too sweet and just the perfect blend of the flavors requested . place is consistent with great service and i highly recommend this location for your starbucks needs . enjoy ! ! : )	44
1	my happy store ! everything in the store is just gleaming ! every couple of months they have a sale and a show . this store is awesome !	3839
1	allegiant is a low cost airline . that being said , i have nothing but good things to say about they 're customer service . we had extenuating circumstances that affected our travel . allegiant went out of their way to work with us to come up with alternative plans . they were generous to us when they did n't have to be . they were kind and considerate of the situation . they were great .	3127
0	this place is so shitty owner has a big attitude . products are not cheap at all . do not recommend totally waste time and drive	3532
1	dr. zaharopoulos is a great dr . heirs very flexible with appointments and cares about his patients . i would definitely recommend redemption to anyone looking for a great psychiatrist .	1541
1	i go here for everything ! huge selection , reasonable prices and knowledgeable customer service . unlike the depot , they have a real rewards program so i get regular coupons and discounts in the mail . ace is the place !	2697
0	owner is very rude called me to disrespect me because i left a bad review because of the horrible experience i ca n't believe this business would do that ... .do yourself a favor and find different shop	2041
0	a good place to buy appliances if they work . good customer service and selection , but i purchased a very expensive washer/dryer combo that broke on the second load . they are fixing it ( slowly ) but i still have dropped another $ 50 to have my laundry done . be weary of bosch appliances especially the ventless dryers !	1886
0	i came here for lunch one day and got a strawberry refresher . i really did n't like it , just to honest . i expected something different maybe ? ? i do n't know . it was watery ... the fruit pieces were gross , there was some type of jellies in it ... but i 'm just at a loss . i thought it would be sweet and fruity and flavorful with big pieces of fresh , real fruit ... no . the staff was nice . i would come back to maybe try something different one day ... but that refresher is not where it 's at .	1301
0	absolute worst jimmy john 's . i work right across the street and somehow , the sandwich is marked `` out for delivery '' for over 40 minutes each time and i always get the same `` we 're understaffed and busy '' stroke job . it gets busy ; i get that . but do n't mark my food `` out for delivery '' on the order tracker when it 's obviously either not out for delivery , or sitting in the back of a hot car going stale , just so your driver can save time . this is absolutely awful and it has gotten worse and worse over time . i 'm sick of the incompetence and wo n't be ordering again .	1475
0	hispanic `` cholas '' looking girls and a plus attitude ... . tacos with no avocado ? not sure if they are mexican tacos try taco taco pecos and tropicana those are real mexican tacos : )	857
0	i really think whole foods is going down heal everyone is so rude and like i 'm bothering them to do there job i think i 'm just going to a reg grocery store i ca n't be treated like this anymore	433
0	just got my range rover back from these guys . my husband waited for the truck , it took 1 hour and fifteen minutes to replace the front drive shaft , he charged us for 3 hrs and my husband found out through the dealer the shaft was 300 dollars less than this guy was charging us . so to make along story short a job that was really a 900 dollar job cost us 1400 . we even left him the paper work so he could save his customers on parts but i 'm sure he already knew that . unless you are in desperate need to have your car worked on take it somewhere else .	1604
1	this is a good , inexpensive car wash. you drive through and it takes care of everything ! there are vacuums you can use for free , which is super convenient . the basic wash did a decent job , but it definitely did not get all the dirt and grime off of my car . but for a quick wash , i 'll definitely be back .	3365
1	the chocolate chip cake with white cream cheese frosting is the best ever ! we had friends bring this cake with them to our cabin in northeastern az this weekend and everyone loved it . only problem you just ca n't eat one piece !	18
1	came here with my wife so she can have her nails done . not only did she do her nails , but went ahead and had a pedicure too . our person was named katie and she was awesome ! ! ! my wife said she felt like a `` princess '' and asked me to try a pedicure . i tried it and was very impress with her attention to details as she cleaned and made my feet feel great . granted this is my first time , it was very enjoyable . you must ask for her when you come .	2113
0	worst experience of my entire life ! had me experimenting by treating the symptoms of my auto immune disease instead of the actual disease . had me on many medications at once after knowing that i wanted to take as few as possible and remain semi-holistic . after severe side effects i endured for over a year ! i quit the meds myself when he told me to continue even though the side effects were insane . very bad advice !	2143
0	can not get a hold of them on the phone ... ever ! 1 hour and no answer . same number that is on the tag/license ? ? ? what is the point , they do n't answer the phone .	3626
0	terrible cs . if someone like me approaches you , a young girl who works behind the customer service desk , please , please , please escort me to the aisle where the funnels are . do not , i repeat not , just point to the other side of the store and say , `` oh , it 's in hardware '' . it 's a complete waste of my time for me to find what is like a needle in a haystack in a place where i am not comfortable , a home improvement store . i 'd much prefer to deal with the elderly associates at home depot near my place . at least they have a sense of customer service !	3279
1	thank you , eddie carter . my mom left her keys in your cab and you kindly brought them to her . you are the best and really mad a bad day turn out pretty good . i highly recommend yellow cab and their excellent customer service !	3142
1	the fresh produce is probably my favorite thing about fry 's ... also it is very convenient that the pharmacy price matches prescription prices . also i love the fact that i can get the farm fresh milk in the glass bottles there ... also return the empty glass container back for more milk or cash back . yay !	3107
1	this is a well layed out shelter . they have the adoptable pets in the front in areas much like a pet store ; glass windows and small break out rooms where you can get to know the animals one-on-one . the animals which are quaranteened ( have bitten someone and are being tested for rabies for example ) are in two other separate buildings . a large walking area is in the middle of the three buildings . lots of smaller dogs here as well . you ca n't beat the value either ; all pets come neutered or spayed with some pet food samples and a voucher to get your new friend checked out by a vet for free .	2689
1	the food is great and the employees are very helpful ! i like that it has a more expanded menu and zestier sandwiches than panera bread !	484
1	dr. gonzales was very informative and friendly . she explained things to me better than my previous phycisians and in a way that was easy to understand . the front staff did rush me a little bit but i did n't wait at all before being taken in and thats a huge plus . go see dr. gonzales !	3059
1	needed to grab some food after being at the cigar bar..was a nice sports bar.. i had the pastrami sliders and loaded french fries.. and omg was it good ! i want to try everything on thier menu ! their prices were good too !	428
0	i do n't believe i have ever waited so long at a dr. office . i went in at 9:10 in the morning for a small basil cell removal . the procedure was done at 9:30 , i waited in the waiting room until 1:00 to find out that they did not get all of it . more surgery at 1:15 it looks like i will be here until 5:00 . spectrum over books to provide horrible service . i am not blaming it on the doctors they did a good job . the office manager needs to get a better system ! !	2099
0	i got food poisoned after i had those oysters i was puking all the way to grand canyon all day the next day	1255
0	awful ! my daughter and i went for the same service and i got charged $ 5 more . each tech must make up their own price or something . when i mentioned the price difference , the tech made a comment about me complaining and that price was cheap , in vietnamese , not expecting me to answer her back in vietnamese and telling her that they were ridiculous with their prices . jaws dropping throughout the salon . they are n't upfront with their pricing and i had to have another tech clean up the first ones polish job . so for you americans that wonder if these folks talk about you . the answer is yes .	3274
0	i 've been here 4 or 5 times because it 's a mile away from my house . the sushi has been good it 's been bad . the service has been good and bad . it 's like a coin toss . i do n't think i 'll be going back .	408
0	we called to ask if they had any red escalades because we were ready to buy that day . we did n't want to wait because our other vehicle had broken down beyond reasonable repair . they said yes so we made the 30 min trip to monroeville . we get there and they try to show us other vehicles . after about 10 minutes , we were told they did n't have any red escalades and that it 'd have to be ordered . we walked out . wasted an hour of driving for this crap dealership and service .	2820
0	i went here from the recommendation of my sister and the good reviews . but i had the total opposite experience . i went in and they told me to come back at 10 which i did n't mind because i did n't make an appointment . so i came back at 10 and i was not even informed that the other nail tech was still not there . i waited 10 minutes and no one even cared to say `` hey we 're booked for the day or the other nail tech is running late '' i 'm very understanding if someone just told me what 's going on but they did n't even care to .	2083
0	this place is garbage . had an appointment at 8 for five of us , and did n't even start til 8:45 , and at that point , they only started 2 of us . we left at 9:50 , with 4 pedicures done . do n't waste your time .	544
0	awful service attitude ! when you walk in the place 9:40pm on a extremely cold snow day after doing your research on yelp which saying the place will not close until an hour later , the staff did not bother to explain their secret closing time but just shovelled you away saying 'it 's close ' while greeting and serving other guests as usual . ca n't believe how a cozy and warm noodle place just turned this way in no more than half year . would give zero star if app allows and will never pay another visit .	790
0	i was sat right away i signed in at 214 and i was out and paid by 232 . she rushed through my whole fill . as soon as i walked out i looked at my nails and one looked lumpy and like crap . i simply rubbed it and my polish peeled off . they also say a fill is $ 15 i paid $ 30 . i was just so frustrated i didnt question it and just paid and left . so disappointed with the job she did .	3444
1	wow amazing food , prices , sauce 's , wow it 's all good here . soft tacos , hard tacos , quesadilla , nachos . loved it . will always stop by . it 's my king taco in nevada !	857
1	pat and his team are awesome and i always feel that i am well taken care of here . i do n't trust a lot of mechanics but i do trust pat and his employees with my car and they always give me the best unbeatable prices . thank you guys for all of your hard work and always making me feel safe on the road !	2607
1	best croissant in the city . in fact they supply other locations and get rave reviews there as well . i 've been there on numerous occasions and it never disappoints . nice little salad selection , quiches and other pasties too . and the beverages are excellent . small seating area in cooler months/rainy days is a drawback .	397
0	i visit this for my eyebrows every month since one year . and today kimi did my eyebrows which really look weird . she is in a hurry to leave even though there is 15 min for closing time . no one ever did my eyebrows so bad . better train her more . i ca n't goto office with this eyebrows ... and will never ever return to this place .	2630
1	this is a small location in a small but growing town . everything went smoothly with our rental . gps was included and it was very useful during the trip . employees are courteous and helpful . the return was a breeze . i would definitely rent from here again	2862
1	pulled pork was very good . ribs were nice and meaty . service was timely . steak special on thursday is very good . have been there 4 times since thanksgiving and the food and service continues to improve .	1432
0	we were regular faithful customers ... until the remodel . i loved stella 's prior to that and would have recommended it to everyone . you were treated like family . waitresses were personable . when we went after the remodel it was apparent that the goal was to hurry us to order , hurry us to eat , and hurry us out the door . and our friendly waitress ... lost her job . wo n't ever go back .	781
0	rip off rip off alert.. cost 418 with insurance still have the rash.. i want to at least warn people if nothing else comes of this.. please if you do n't want to lose a lot of money for absolutely nothing do not go here .. they are charging so much and did nothing for me.. and i think many doctors are charging themselves out of a job.. go to naturopaths or chiropracters .. well that would be my advise.. or at least family practice..	2099
0	horrible customer service at the front desk . when i called to schedule they told me they were in network with my insurance . come to find out , they are not . this place is only interested in robbing people of their money . 1st visit you literally will just talk to the doctor and then they want you come in for a 2nd appointment for the physical - that way they can make more money . total scam .	1562
0	the slowest service to pick up a pre-reserved rental car ever . and they did n't have our pre-reserved car when we got there . an overall painful experience .	3129
0	just know your expecting a 1+ hour wait ! check in process is slow ! would be nice if they had a sense of urgency with their guest . last time at this location !	1345
1	found this place thru the zip code magazine ad/coupon for $ 13 fill and $ 23 pedicure . so i said , why not ? my boyfriend and i went together , while we both got our pedi together , we also both got manicures , his was a regualr manicure , mine was the gel fill.. they were nice and attentive and no wait ! will go back soon = )	1003
0	worst experience i ever had . purchased a frig to find out it was broken . instead of trying to satisfy me they rather not accomindate me on a better frig . danny not forward about info .	1236
1	what makes me a fan ? their hot chocolate ! it 's my favourite in the city ... ( i believe they make it with chocolate milk and that 's probably why it tastes so good ) yum ! : p	1035
0	this place is a dive bar , which does n't make it bad but it fails on many things including space and atmosphere . oh yeah and it 's very dark but apparently i hit them on an off night as the penguins were playing ... . a single tv would probably help .	279
1	if you have n't had the deluxe pedicure with paraffin and hot stones you are missing out . pay the extra $ 10 . best pedi in and around charlotte . kevin !	1263
0	worst experience at a poke restaurant . it 's a hidden restaurant and the sign is not very obvious . i had a hard time locating this place the first time i came . the inside looks dirty . dirty restaurant is definitely a big no no when it comes to poke . when all the ingredients are raw . the portions are also not well justified for the price i paid . probably would n't recommend this place or come back again . service was quick , it was dead inside both times i had eaten here .	309
1	this place isnt the nicest looking however the food is fabulous prices are great family ran love this place	594
1	very nice . very new . coffee and hot water 24 hours . and surprisingly not noisy as we originally thought . the rooms are exceptionally clean . for a budget hotel it is very good deal .	2872
0	beautiful facility , but if you do n't have insurance you pay $ 150.00 just to get in the door . you can go to a fine clinic just up the road for $ 39.00 .	2906
1	i had an awesome experience with this shop . they fixed a slightly bent wheel in a few hours . also super fast in and out with an oil change . thanks for the awesome service ! see you at 30k .	3405
0	got a rhinoplasty done and it 's been almost two years and it 's still swollen . same with my sisters . she 's also received countless steroid shots to the nose to reduce swelling and it did n't work . i asked another plastic surgeon and he told me swelling should go down in less than a year . do n't waste your money here for a mediocre job .	2953
0	what an overrated store and franchise . it really baffles my mind seeing that long line up during grand opening . i hope those $ 80 kitchen décor wooden baskets was worth the 3 hour wait . just ridiculous .	3363
1	my friends and i came here during a cleveland brewery crawl and i loved the beers here the best ! i did order a rum flight just because but in the future i will stick to sampling beers . the rum was good but too strong for my tastebuds . the beer here is outstanding ! i love how many beers there were to choose from and my top 2 favorites are walk the plank wheat wine ( beer mixed with wine ... yes please ! ) and the mayo irish red ale .	1110
1	replaced every door of our new ( older ) house . this included them putting in new jambs , trim , the works as we were tearing down drywall & replacing a ton of stuff . we are extremely happy with their customer service & the installers were awesome . workmanship is impeccable . what a difference new doors make . thank you ! !	1791
0	love the coffee here but unfortunately the service today was pretty bad . ordered iced coffee and asked for cream but got ignored . asked again and she looked but when to finish washing dishes in the back : (	816
0	good smoothie bowls but terrible service . we sat for an hour waiting for smoothie bowls and not a single person was being served . it 's always slow . do not expect fast service	2726
0	this place is horrible disgusting the lady is annoying af talks to much charges to much even some of her old employes moved from that nail salon to the other one across the street dont come here also one of her guy friends came tried attacking us after we left what a creep ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	150
1	received my first bag today . i think i scared the nice delivery man with my enthusiasm ( sorry , joe ! ) . i am a shift worker . we have issues eating healthy . also a vegan of 4 months and navigating that landscape . fcf is the best thing that 's happened to me since i started that journey . i love the flexibility of delivery vs pickup according to my schedule . i also love all the products available to me based on my diet . website is gorgeous and easy to use . best of all- i find their prices very reasonable . count me in !	3591
1	this review is strictly for dr. suarez ... i was w/ another dr previously at the same office but when my husband would get annoyed and frustrated when i 'd come home w/ practically no information from the dr , so luckily i was able to change physicians and it was dr. suarez . she 's attentive , informative and she always tries to figure out the cause then find a solution rather than writing a prescription and sending me on my merry way -- as the other dr did . love her .	34
1	so out of all the asian cuisine around parma i 'd say this food taste the best . you really ca n't go wrong with a panda bowl of orange chicken and white rice . i 've eaten her a lot recently and the only gripe i have is the chow mein although tastes great has had big clumps of cabbage 1 out of 5 times ordered . because the resteraunt is fairly new there 's gon na be growing pains with staff and cooks but in comparison to the asian food around it 's a step above .	1075
0	we had high expectations because the first time we came here they were pack full and we did n't want to wait for a table so went somewhere else . we came back today and right at the beginning the service was terrible . the older lady looks like she hated life and was rude . the other servers seemed okay but the main one that took care of us was awful . food was okay . when does it become acceptable to give bad service ?	1
0	safelite quoted one price on the phone and a $ 100 higher price when the technician arrived . my poor old mother who is on a fixed income just paid it thinking she did n't have a choice . the technician stated that this happens all of the time and everyone takes it out on him . so , safelite is quoting low on the phone to get the job and then hoping he customer will just go for it as long as they are there . shame on you safelite ! you should honor the price you quote . eat your own mistake , hire competent staff , or quit ripping off the public intentionally . has to be one of these scenarios , right ?	2036
1	they have a really good drink menu and their drinks are quite good . if you live close by right now they have a 2 for 1 deal which will make the drinks even more cheaper . i went to dear and fro because of the bingsu . it looked enticing and i really wanted to try it . it was delicious and the ice milk is soft and melts so nicely in your mouth . it 's not the best in toronto but it 's quite good .	1182
1	wow . i went here after the worst experience at tilly 's next door . chance the sales guy that helped me out was awesome . thank you for knowing how to treat customers .	1017
1	in and out in 5 minutes and that was with a car in front of me . the attendant was very funny and kind which made a great experience even better !	2208
1	this is the real deal authentic new york style . wish they still did dinner hours but just have to make it work . best bagels around .	325
0	i would 've rated 0 stars if i could . this is probably the worst indoor trampoline place we 've been to in las vegas . the two of three workers were not supervising any of the jumpers , only one of them was actually working . very dangerous for the jumpers , the workers only came rushing when someone got hurt . the bathrooms were a mess and without any toiletries , someone left dinner napkins to use .	1095
0	a few weeks after having my screen fixed the screen actually came off . i had to get a new iphone . this place sucks and i would never recommend their services .	2918
0	i got a pretty decent haircut and with the first time discount 18 dollars for a haircut plus tip for a cut is not too shabby i had ryca as my stylist and then get touched up by the owner after she finished *update eh 3 weeks into my haircut the deficiencies are starting to show back and sides are not layered evenly and over a pretty average men 's cut it 's disappointing i can get consistent good haircuts in korea for 10-20 bucks but paying that much in america will be hit or miss 90 % of the time	3182
0	called the minute phones opened to come back in after just being there the day before . explained my symptoms had worsened and needed to be seen asap . was told i would have 11am appt and then was placed on hold and got disconnected . called back and was told my appointment was booked by someone else and was no longer available . the exact words were `` that 's life , we get a lot of calls . if you ca n't wait to be seen go to urgent care '' disgusting ! ! ! as someone who worked in medical field , what this place passed off as patient relations is an abomination .	356
1	great place to shop when you need something in bulk . i got my membership for free and checked the place out , now i am back every other week buying my very large naked juices . they have just about everything you 'll ever need , including a 40 count box of trojans for $ 12 . the lines are the only real killer here , they really could use a 20 and under like for people who just wan na grab a few items . also $ 1.50 for a drink and hotdog is hard to beat when you are on a budget .	2172
0	why dan harkins is the soda water at this particular theatre not filtered ? ? ? i have been to both shea 14 and scottsdale fashion square and it is at both of those theaters . it is so frustrating . feels like the south east valley may be getting slighted a bit .	2524
0	worst service ever , owner manager had excuses for everything beer hot , waiting list not going according , plates given at separate times like a 1/2 hour or longer , food not good no flavor 3 or more tables left after ordering	190
1	i travel for work , and after checking into the hotel , i come here for anything i forgot . inexpensive mostly , and i always find what i need . plus , for small souvenirs , like playing cards for my mom or magnets ... ca n't be beat	1641
0	i went prior to the change then after and i do n't see much difference . if you 're going for dinner , expect to be disappointed . nothing is worth whatever money you spend . the only thing i 'll give them credit for is they have a decent beer selection . i would be shocked if this place is open in 4-5 months ... .	1294
1	dr. chan is a great surgeon . he did my right ankle reconstruction surgery due to my complete tear ligament . the result is outstanding ! the surgery was october and it is now january -- i feel like my old self again and foot is better without much restriction .	2176
1	best post office employees ever ! i go there often and they are always super nice and very helpful . i moved a lot and they are by far the nicest people i met at a post office !	2034
0	just ate at carmody 's in neville island . food was okay , service was a little to be desired . our party of 6 had 3 checks only one was correct . waitress was extremely rude when it was bought to her attention . she corrected one check and copied the check that was correct for one that was wrong . told her again she grabbed all the checks the checks with an attitude and corrected them . one couple paid cash and had to ask for her change .	452
0	twice in a row it took more than 30 minutes to serve 3 burgers , sure the food is solid but if you do n't have more than 2 hours to waste on a meal then do n't come here	1417
1	my mercedes fuel pump failed on my way to vegas . aaa sent out larry 's towing to get me towed into vegas . david our driver was very accommodating and didnt waste anytime to get us hooked up and on our way . he referred a local aaa auto repair shop in the vegas area which turned out to be a very honest and fast to get my car back on the road . big thanks to david our driver .	2931
0	very busy and the for the floor show , i watched a small child dash back and forth from the dining area into the kitchen area and back again . multiple times . i did n't like the floor show , so that was the last time i went there .	975
0	i recently contracted lyle blum to remove 2 pine trees from my property . he arrived at my home with 3 trucks and 6 men to do the job . one worker starting cutting the branches from one tree when lyle approached me and told me he could not do the job for the quoted price . he did not offer any options as far as the price . he shut the job down and left the property . i would be aware of hiring this company to do any work	2766
0	greedy crooks ! the whole point of doing something different is to take pictures and have great memories . they take your phone and put it in a locker . then of course they sell you pictures that they sell . i get that they 're trying to make money . but i 'm already paying a lot of money to go in there . taking your phone is ridiculous . steer clear of this place if you want fun memories to share .	2245
1	i 'm a fan of sixt . i 've been using rental car companies since the 80s for work and pleasure . the customer service , quality of the cars , value and especially the quality of the people at sixt are the best i 've ever seen . i have memberships at all the major rental car companies and i keep coming back to sixt .	1905
0	the food was average at best and the service was horrible . our waiter acted like we were putting him out . he was very unpleasant even though our table of 6 had 2 bottles of wine and spent over $ 200 . unfortunately for us , this restaurant automatically adds a 20 % gratuity for a six top which is ridiculous in and of itself , let alone the waiter did not deserve it . if you are looking for over-priced , so-so italian food and rude wait staff , search no further .	563
0	i love this location but their cooler that houses the chopped fruit , yogurts and fruit juices is almost 60 degrees . nothing is cold . it was like that last week and same today . should n't temps be below 45 or 40 degrees ? hope someone does n't get sick . one is 54 degree the other is 58 degrees . not sure but that 's not safe .	1223
0	this place has declined with its service and food quality . tacos where lightly served with meat , pico really was bland , no seasonings . waitress seamed like she did n't know what she was doing . and for the price very unreasonable . also rice took thirty minutes to bring . overall would n't go back and would n't recommend unless you like eating taco bell this would be good to you but we are mad ethnic personally and with all honesty this some walmart tacos if there where walmart tacos .	562
1	all i can say is that i have had some good pizza and i am extremely picky about my pizza let me tell you . they have to have sauce lots of sauce and it has to be good ! ! they have you covered on both counts good sauce and plenty of it . they have a specialty pizza the italian and it is basically a chicago pizza and it is by far my favorite . pizza is always good here and i have no complaints on anything else i have ordered like wings , salads etc . good value and great taste ca n't miss here .	1191
0	yea its nice on from the street view ... the water gets shut off weekly and is soo frustrating ! we experienced living with roaches for six months and had countless sprays and fog and finally the manager agreed with our suggestion to allow us to transfer to a new unit if we renewed our lease ! oh and waived the fee ( the lease they should do ) the communication is terrible ... the alliance staff was awful since mark taylor *mind you still have major water issues* has taken over i 've really tried to stay out of the office ... the other two companies ruined this complex for me ! i ca n't wait to get out !	3148
1	everything here is fresh - coffee , baked stuff , and the team is just awesome ! great place for a quick bite on the go . bought one of their hale coffee bags and was absolutely one of the most delish coffees i have brewed at home . will surely be back . love this place !	518
0	my hair was done very sloppy and it was so unfortunate that we we 're running late . we were suppose to leave at 430 pm but i was seen around 350 so by the time the hair stylist was done , we were late . i showed her how i wanted my hair , shown her few pics and extension hair added for a hollywood style hair ... my hair was so horrible on my wedding day and i did n't have anymore time to spare to get it fix . horrible horrible horrible	1435
1	i walked into evergreen on a whim yesterday and i think i found my new nail salon ! the place is clean , the staff is very friendly , the prices are very reasonable , and they had so many color choices for both gel polish and dipped nails ! within a few hours , i had a few complements from total strangers about my nails . i will definitely be back !	231
0	i think my expectations are too high . this bakery is charming and their staff was helpful . sadly , the offerings were nothing spectacular yet prices as if made from pure gold . i 'll get my baked goods from karl 's bakery .	1125
1	gas . gas here is always typically around .20 cents cheaper then anywhere else . i drive a truck that gets about 12 miles to the gallon so my membership card is worth every penny . the money i spend on my member ship is typically saved the first two months of getting gas there . went the other day $ 1.69 a gallon for regular , they have some great deals on other stuff , but truthfully i do n't shop there that often . i just do n't buy that much stuff in bulk . if you like cheap gas thou ... go here . worth every penny .	3884
0	got the groupon ... add says $ 399 value for $ 33.50 for one 50-minute session ( just the regular , not the extra strength . ) guess what their regular , walk-in-off-the-street price is ? $ 32.00 . they make you think you 're getting the same treatment you 'd get at your dentist , but it 's really not . i got screwed , and groupon was in on it . shame on both companies .	3190
1	many washing machines and dryers , fast machines as well . can hold `` double loads '' & `` triple loads '' & `` super loads '' prices vary for the washers but dryers can hold up to 30 lbs and it 's 25 cents for 8 minuets . the place was clean and if you need laundry detergent etc . there is a small store next door	2722
0	as a manager of a veterinary clinic , i have worked with many vendors , distributors and pharmacies . though rr has some nice compounding offerings , i have twice been very disappointed with their customer service . once we ordered meds that were nothing like advertised , another time they sent us the wrong thing , and both times they came up with excuses not to make it right and let us eat the costs of their errors ! i will do whatever i can to use others such as wedgewood , professional arts pharmacy , or a local compounding pharmacy . no matter what you sell , customer care must be first - they do not get that .	2827
1	my nails are crooked and they look horrible in the light going back tomorrow to try and get them repaired . my pedicure however was phenomenal ! ! ! kelly sent me a message and personally redid my nails i am very happy she has excellent customer service , she even showed the technician that did my nails previously where his errors were and thanked me for the opportunity to fix the issue , i will be returning .	3260
1	when it was time for my company to expend out of state , one of the hardest thing for us was finding a reliable moving company in order to get all the new store fixtures and and equipment moved from our main corporate store to san diego ca . i spoke to moshe , he gave me all the info and costs and we closed the next day the move was smooth his team was very professional and all my valuables made it to sd safe and clean . thank you	3114
1	came here because i was in the area and decided to check out their shop ! i 'm obsessed with cupcakes and had gotten the vanilla and also the coconut heaven ! i 'm not a huge fan of coconut but boy this cupcake was delicious ! it was n't too sweet either and it 's hard to find cupcake icing that 's not fake and sugary . anyways amazing cupcakes ! would definitely go back !	2535
1	exceptional doctors that are extremely personable and take plenty of time to discuss your issues ... highly recommend family practice specialists !	236
1	cheap & delicious hot dogs , with a ton of topping options to choose from at no extra cost ! will definitely be returning for more !	1407
0	if i could give 0 stars i would , but unfortunately you ca n't . pep boys proved that they do n't have any versatility in fixing or even looking at cars . i made an appointment with one guy on the phone to bring my 2002 bmw because my coolant is leaking . brought it in the following day and was straight up turned away because it 's a bmw and they ca n't work on it with that type of issue . what a completely silly situation . terrible operation and would never ever trust any car with pep boys in the future . continue going to your local mechanic who is trustworthy , no corporate garages . save your time and money .	76
0	so , my precious black and white shitzu angel still does not have her compounded antibiotics from roadrunner due to the lies they told me ( see previous post ) and now we are snowed in and ups ca n't deliver it the meds to us- we had great weather when the order was taken dec 22 and now this is jan 7th . i have no idea where the meds are and we are snowed in a few more days- this will be the last time for roadrunner even tho my vet gave us three refills . my precious dog still wags her tail but i ai n't wagging mine ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	2827
1	i love this store . everyone is so friendly . i can always get help when i need it . it does get busy sometimes , but we are in a busy neighborhood so sometimes you have to have patience . the pharmacy is awesome . i know people complain , but more often than not they are trying to pick up early ( which is against the law for c2 narcotics ) or they are just impatient . the ladies and gentlemen back there are wonderful especially joe .	3937
1	well - i 'm happy to report that the steam room is finally fixed and in good working order . this is a damn nice club when everything you pay for works ! !	392
1	i would n't eat her everyday but when you just need a hot dog this is the very spot you need to go to . cool selection of side items and they have king of pops which is always a plus	58
0	business closed ... no call cancelling appointment . very poor form - purchased a three pack of facial/pedi 's and doubt i will see any refund : (	2806
1	i 've been coming here since they opened and dr. keeney is the best ! the place is really nice and the staff are always great but most of all they provide great care to your pets every time you go in . this is the best place i 've been with my dogs and will continue coming here as long as i have pets .	1700
0	the staff here just does n't care at all . i cut my hand on something sharp on the door handle . i explained it to the staff , just so they could look at it and it would n't happen to anyone else and he told me `` oh well , things happen '' . i did n't want anything just nobody else to get cut as well . food is typical for low level mexican place , nothing special .	1365
1	xmas eve and im here , end of 2015 . nowhere id rather be . embedded smell of partying in the air , tunes mellow as can be . merry xmas ! til next year .	1083
1	the korean tacos are delicious . a sweet spicy bbq style sauce over tender beef topped with spicy veggies . served only during lunch .	951
0	made an appointment for 530pm . 30mins later still waiting . whats the point of making an appointment .	354
1	so glad we now have real asian food in the neighborhood . this place is legit , just had the pho and it was awesome . ca n't wait to go back tomorrow and try the orange chicken .	779
0	did not know it was a gay bar until i was eye fucked by a 300 lb samoan	3326
1	only stopped in for a light lunch but was extremely happy with my experience . i ordered the prosciutto and burrata knowing this duo could never let me down . however , this came with a homemade apricot jam that just put this dish over . for a simple lunch this packed way more flavor than i imagined it would ! not to mention the staff is amazing and the owner is a very friendly approachable guy . i heard they are getting renovations straight from italy this december and i ca n't wait to see how the place will change . i will be back in for dinner soon i can guarantee !	563
1	i specifically go to this location even though it 's a bit far from me because of the friendly staff and great recommendations !	627
1	awesome place . thanks guys great nachos awesome singer . try the club house sandwich . had a great night	2732
0	went for a smog with a coupon ... came out to $ 24 . really ! ? ! oh but wait , you get a free $ 6 carwash . went in to get a # for the carwash . the `` carwash '' is the type that you drive in and the `` wash '' moves around the vehicle . seriously , it came out dirtier than when it went in . the brushes did n't even go on . i did n't even have time to go in and complain . will never return for carwash or smog ... what a ripoff !	2564
1	i was wary to fly after reading all of the negative reviews . if you pay attention when you are booking you wont have a problem with the charges . after booking and with extra charges , the flight was still half the cost of all other airlines . the airplane is smaller and less comfortable but for the quick flight from vegas to fresno , it was manageable . service was polite and friendly . i got exactly what i expected based on price and would fly again for any flight less than 2 hours .	3127
1	the staff are always friendly and helpful , it is never that crowded .	2159
1	great setting , in the park . although we sat inside ( at the extreme urging of the hostess ) it is so open air that you get breezes if fresh air . food is good but not spectacular . i had trout and loved it . other dishes in our party were sablefish , steak , pork ... all 'ok ' . the panna cotta was excellent . rice pudding too rustic . the location is a detriment if you 're slow , my dad has a cane . but i called and the allowed me to drive up for drop off . this location is a real plus otherwise send we enjoyed strolling after .	437
0	this pharmacy charges at least twice as much as other compounding pharmacies . if a mistake is made that they were involved in they do not own it and do not do any type of refund or compromise . buyer beware .	2827
1	i came in looking for a present for my girlfriend and everyone was very welcoming . it was a slow day in the store and everyone helped me look around and answered questions . not once did i feel pressured , even with the amount of associates that i spoke with .	2512
0	one of those malls where if you absolutely need to go to and no other stores have what you need , then go to this one . never been in a mall with such a creepy crowd..got followed by some random guy until he turned his head away and i pretty much ran out the store and to my car . literally ran . i do not feel safe in this mall . wo n't go again . i 'll stick with market and chinook thanks .	1663
0	totally in love with the shrimp spring rolls here ! fresh & not too filling considering it 's an appetizer ! : p but , i was disappointed with how the curry turned out . it 's way too sweet , not the slightest spicy and it looks pathetic - with only pieces of chicken meat and potatoes . no vegetables , no mushrooms , no add-ons in the curry . i 've had better tasting main course than this restaurant .	947
1	country-bar themed . gay . cheap drinks , especially for draft beer . best night is sundays.. so there you go.. here 's where it 's popping sunday nights ! once a month there is a circuit-party called fluffer ; `` highly.. '' recommended ; ) must check-out !	3661
0	came here after getting the groupon . they refused to honor it . the groupon said valid all days except event nights . all fridays are `` event '' nights . that was shady . place was not busy either .	2789
0	always loved this place , but last time we tried it had a terrible experience . wanted to order fish and was told they no longer served it . about 5 minutes later the same waitress brings out a huge fish plate for the lady next to us . we are like `` what the heck '' ? ? ? ? needless to say if we are not good enough to eat what anyone else gets , then we are taking our business else where . the food that we got was not that great this time anyway .	975
1	valliant is awesome . it has such a great , classic diner feel , and the food is insanely inexpensive for the price . the servers are extremely friendly too , and talk to you like family . this is a family-run diner , and do n't expect the service to be too quick - the kitchen can get busy and they often do not have that many cooks behind the counter . but the food and service have not let me down yet . everyone i 've ever been here with always orders eggs or an omelet , so i ca n't speak of much else , but everything is always great .	406
1	great place to go shop , people watch , or keep a kid busy with the merry-go-round or the toddler playland .	2815
1	staff friendly and helpful . colleen at the cutting table was fabulous ! she was the first person in three stores that suggested that i check the discontinued rack .	1296
1	great staff , very friendly and bilingual . the doctor is great at explaining things and answering any questions . would recommend him to anyone	2175
0	i 'm not sure if this was a mistake , but i had ordered a dozen cookies and received only 8cookies . do n't get me wrong , i know i should have checked the delivery when i accepted order to make sure everything was there ; so you live and learn . btw , the cookies were warm and delicious but this might be the first and last time ordering from there .	1522
1	jim came out to my house today . he is honest and knowledgeable and did n't try and oversell me on anything unlike some other companies in the area . i plan on only using focus from now on for my plumbing needs . just say `` no '' to any other company !	1714
1	love this place ! the owner is so incredibly friendly and his tacos are always amazing ... 5 stars all day !	760
0	no this is not in regards to hippa . it its in regards to unprofessional rude staffing . hippa had nothing to do with it . all hippa forms were filled out and on file you can check with brandon . tamara was rude , flat out mean and should not be in a customer facing environment .	2782
1	best staff ever , everyone is so pleasent . rooms are above standard and the breakfast is delicious . the manager rick who i had a pleasure of meeting was so helpful . will definitely stay here again	1335
0	what kind of company is this ? we wanted to have two doors replaced . the saleman came out to give us a quote and it took a week to get his quote . quote was cryptic and did n't explain what the line items were . items looked like part numbers from catalog with no description . when we called the salesman for an explanation , we got no response . just imagine what their workmanship is like ! ! !	1791
0	rebel does n't take credit cards and charges you to use debit . not very convenient for people going to the lake . we will just fill up elsewhere . the place is filthy , too .	2786
0	rude rude rude rude rude i repeat rude night shift workers . you guys must hate your lives . not my fault you 'll be working in a shitty drug store for the rest of your no money lives .	1733
0	anytime i go in i ca n't bowl they always have something going on there . hardly open to public , but the red rock always has lanes open so you know ! !	2867
1	kimberly took care of me not once but twice with amazing customer service . so grateful i came here . i changed my mind about a pillow a bought and she took care of it no questions asked . thank you so much treating my friend and i so amazingly . we really appreciate you ! !	2419
1	bought a rocking recliner from furniture creations recently . it 's a regular , simple furniture store . no designer stuff , no edgy or modern anything , just regular furniture . there was just one lady when i went in , no annoying sales people hoovering over you . i placed my order and waited to be called to see if they had it in stock or it had to be ordered . i got the call , it was in stock , i had it delivered home and they put together the recliner ( just two big pieces ) in our bedroom . very comfy , great for what i wanted : rocking and feeding my baby .	3854
1	i have been coming here since me and the family moved here in 2010 . i have been seeing dr. fala , very nice guy . i have a weight issue and he is always seemed to be concerned . he is always giving me advice , time for me to start listening to him . nice crew even took me in when i was late .	60
0	unfortunately , this place has turned into a collage dorm . the people who live here treat this place like their own party palace . not only do they party the night away , they treat the public areas like a garbage dump . the carpets are all stained and the walls are all marked up . i ca n't wait to move out .	2460
1	excellent food & service ! ! disappointed that the $ 27 pasta dish had only 3 shrimp in it . everything else was amazing !	1204
0	terrible customer service . the girl that helped us did n't know anything she was talking about . we asked her if they carried a certain brand and she looked at us disgust that we might be interested in something they do n't have/her lack of knowledge . it 's not what she was saying that was too bad , but it 's how she approached us . i felt like we were a bother to her to be there . i called the store to speak to a manager when i left and they took my info and said a manager would call me back , which has yet to happen . thanks to sylvia , i wo n't be back with my business .	1025
1	fantastic experience ! ! the ambiance was great ! the service was outstanding ! but most importantly food was exceptional ! the steak was flavorful , tender , and perfectly cooked . bread was great . the appetizers and sides were unique and flavorful . the presentation was superb . lastly , the desserts were wonderful . i 'm a huge chocolate fan but i went with the pineapple upside down cake and i 'm glad i did - it was unbelievably great ! my new favorite restaurant in vegas . thank you beso for a wonderful dining experience !	971
0	i have submitted several reviews of my 3-year old kitchenaid 29cf refrigerator before . it seems on every anniversary of its purchase it breaks down in some manner . previously , it conked out twice when control boards failed , once when the condenser developed leaks , again when the water valve cracked and did $ 20,000 damage to our kitchen and now , again on an anniversary , the damn ice maker has failed . i will not say anything more than do not ever buy another kitchen aid appliance ! i will not , nor will i ever do business with spencer 's appliances in phoenix , az again due to their complete lack of post-sale support .	3784
0	i love target , but the staff at this store are some of the most impolite employees i 've come across outside of walmart . no one asked to help me when clearly i was waiting , and even the woman at the customer desk was rude to me and others standing in line . i feel like management may need to fire everyone and start all over .	583
0	the owner of this business is more concerned about the parking lot then his business and is very rude to potential customers . i would never spend any money at this facility and i would never recommend it to anyone i know as well .	1053
1	best place to go when you have friends with you ! i told my girlfriend i knew of a place that has exceptional service to get pedicures done . very reasonably priced , detox was only $ 10 more and i needed it . this was so much fun here , the owner is very hard worker . she is welcoming and will make you feel so relaxed in her care . she is always gentle and i trust her with my toenails . this visit was just what i needed . i felt so refreshed after the detox and i had more energy !	3831
1	i went here today and the staff helping us was super sweet and nice . my daughter told her exactly what she needed . they asked her her height and weight , got her what she asked for and we paid and left . was in and out in 5 minutes .	3906
1	it 's a dive with super cheap drinks . why spend more elsewhere when you can get your night started on the cheap ? very laid back atmosphere , too . they were offering $ 4.50 shooters , so we had a couple loopy vodkas with red bull , a delicious shooter with sentimental value . smoking is permitted and mostly a very old crowd , neither of which we were looking for , so it was one and done for us , but at those prices and plenty of comfortable seats at the bar , who could complain ?	3840
0	horrible pedicures i was so upset they had the oldest person working on my feet . he could n't even see my cuticles he was cutting air . so they switched me tho someone else who didnt even work on the bottom of my feet she only did my toes and i was done ridiculous	2915
0	this store is always empty and the owner is a big jerk but i had to make a quick grocery run for persian desserts and begrudgingly opted to go there as it was very close to my house . 1 star rating for the jerk owner and 5 stars to the very nice young lady who went out of her way to help me because the rude owner could n't be bothered helping the one and only customer in the store . my persian friends wo n't even go there .	2664
0	placed order at 6:31 . told it would be delivered at 7:20 . called to find out where it was at 7:50 as it was well over the 50 minutes . they could not tell me where my order was . called again at 8:10 . this time they said they would call the driver . order showed up at 8:22 . food was barely warm and the sauce for sweet and sour chicken was not packed with order . very disappointing . life is short ; misery is optional . you have been warned .	649
0	the dr 's here are nice and helpful , but the office staff needs customer service training asap ! also , it 's ridiculous to wait an hour for an appointment that was scheduled weeks and months ago , then to get called back to wait another 30 minutes and a half 15 minutes with the doctor ! i tolerate more from my own health then for my child and this will not do .	2461
0	avoid this rent a car company , they will offer unnecessary add-on fees that they force down your throat and make it hard for you to get a car . constant haggling like buying a car from an unscrupulous car sales man ... go for alamo..or national	3576
0	not impressed at all . dirty restaurant and less than stellar food . ordered the chips and queso and after complaining that it was cold , it came out cold again . we ordered the peppercorn bacon burger which was average ; and i had the marco pollo chicken sandwich with mac and cheese . the sandwich was bland and the mac and cheese was cold and runny . i could n't even eat it . at this point , we were over our meals and wasted 3/4 of each . the server either did n't care or did n't notice . he also forgot our box twice and a refill . for $ 50 , this place was awful . wo n't be back .	1323
1	i 'm quite surprised with the reviews so far , i thought the food was good . i went with an armenian friend who recommended it . i went there for lunch and ordered the iskender kebap , it was amazing , very filling for the price . starter ( which was free ) was fresh baguette with a chilli & mint yogurt dip . all in all ... very good , i will go there again .	1275
1	awesome service ! went in needed 2 bulbs changed and they got me in and out of there within 30 minutes ! very fast and friendly ! will be going for all car maintenance needs !	565
0	employees very helpful in getting your size . but when you get to the counter the cashier lady has poor customer service . needs more skills in dealing with people . shd go to a class for customer relations . at least the managers step up to the plate for service recovery .	3826
0	nop nop nop people there they do n't speak english , ca n't understand `` it 's too strong , please stop , your hurting me '' or even if you start moaning and moving in pain . the guy wanted to rip my skin off , crack all my bones , got on top of me and touch my butt several times . hell no	2399
0	terrible service ! ! ! you have to wait one-two hours from your appointment time to get inside with the orthodontist ... .and if you are 15 minutes late they will cancel your appointment . if you can find another place ... ..do n't choose this terrible ortho dentistry ! it might be cheap but is not worth it .	2054
0	i came into the surly joker as part of a drive up the boulder highway and for a cool-down . the setup was very ho-hum and a dead zone : maybe 20-30 ( excluding staff ) in the venue . just another stamp to add to my collection .	3580
1	muhammed imran is the man to go to when shopping at mor . he was very patient with my family and i . we changed our minds a few times and muhammed had no problem doing those changes for us . we spent about 3 hours in the store and within those 3 hours i got to furnish my entire apartment ! all for a very reasonable price ! i will definitely come back in the future when my fiance and i buy a house . thank you muhammed for the awesome shopping experience !	1640
0	my wife nancy went in for simple oil change and was charged a $ 123.59 after what the technician called a comprehensive vehicle inspection which was $ 59.95 . what a joke ! the technician gave her a quote for some work he stated that need to be done , which was over $ 2200.00 ! we got a couple other opinions from shops and got to work done for less than a $ 1000 . needless to say we will never ever take her car back to virginia service . and and we wo n't tell our friends not to do business with them as well . shame on you !	1067
1	i got a great deal on my new iphone 7 and the staff was nice . hunter was super helpful and knowledgeable . no reason to go with another company when stores like these are around !	1237
0	i would rate them 0 stars if i could . rude and very unprofessional staff . please just pay a little more elsewhere as this company will lie to be able to charge you more . signed a contract with a certain price and the emailed receipt when dropped off shows charges of $ 55 more ... . ca n't get ahold of them to save your life . i 've waited on the line for 10+ minutes multiple times before and after my trip to make changes and no one ever answers . worst rental car experience of my life , save yourself the headache and rent from someone else ! ! !	3576
0	great place for anyone over the age of 40 . if you are in your 20 's you eyed up the minute you enter . it took 10 minutes and 3 bartenders to approve my state issued drivers license and they still questioned me . the bartender also reminded me it was a non smoking environment when i put my smokes and wallet on the table , i always empty my pockets when i sit down ! this was a terrible choice and in my opinion the bar is more of a family restaurant than it is a bar . young crowds should avoid ! ! !	1150
0	there 's really nothing special or noteworthy about the village idiot . except that you must be one if you keep coming here . sin and redemption ( same owners maybe ? ) is literally around the corner with the same menu . village idiot has no air conditioning , so be prepared to sweat on a summer day . even with the big windows opened , you will be sweating . the food is n't bad but it is a bit pricey for bar food .	3344
1	christine 's cadillac margaritas are a total hit every time ! she makes the bar a very enjoyable place for me and my girl to hangout , she knows exactly what we like and makes us feel at home every time . love the place and love her !	704
1	omg ! if i could eat here everyday i would ! super delicious ! great selections and always good promotions ! today 's was an extra scoop of fish free ! clean establishment , nice atmosphere and delightful staff . please visit ! ! i hope it 's here forever !	129
1	awesome customer service and overall service . pedi spa includes heated rocks that was very soothing . helpful nail color templates to help you choose your desired nail color and the place is clean and aesthetically pleasing !	3047
0	do not use this company . i paid my service fee they did not return to fix my appliances . i wish i would have read the reviews on yelp before using them as this is a pattern for them .	1208
0	make long story short i got robbed here . paid $ 10 on chicken inasal . came out with `` 4 drumsticks '' frozen , over cooked , dry , chicken marinated with ketchup ? ? it was disgusting and unpalatable . please do not order the chicken inasal . ( scam )	658
1	it was dark , the music was loud , i was drunk , i danced . fun times . funnily enough it reminded me of something like a bam margera party basement the way it was decorated , or that movie where the college kids go to europe on holiday and they end up in some creepy eastern-block transit house designed to torture and murder helpless , innocent , travelers in order to extortion american dollars out of their unwitting parents . no wait , more like the first example . cheers , until then , get the beers in ...	2807
1	this place is a large improvement from what was here previously . it 's a great place to bring your little ones to burn off some steam and to have a good ol fun bounce around . the staff here are very kind and always watching out for your safety and i believe they do birthday parties also , which is something we are going to consider for the future .	1095
1	i had to take my dog here today , because he was not walking on his rear left leg . i only had to wait for about 10 minutes . everyone is so friendly . the doctor was concerned , and gave my dog a pain shot , and a precription . im spose to wait for 2 weeks and see how he does , it could be a bad flare up due to his arthitis . i was out in about a hour . im so glad this place is our vet .	2546
0	someone brought these donuts to work and i enjoyed them enough to drive out there for a weekend treat . when i got there i was the only customer in the place . when i left , there were eight more customers standing waiting for someone to come help . i was there literally fifteen minutes and did not see one employee ... ..i heard them in the back , but apparently my business was n't important enough . the donuts are good , but not worth the drive or the wait . i went down the street to bosa donuts which are just as good if not better ... ..and they have good service . never again will i go here .	2053
0	the leasing agent rachel was one of the most rude , snotty , disrespectful people i have ever come in contact with . before i was helped i heard her treat two current residents poorly and just say there 's nothing i can do . no explanation , no offer of help . this review is only for her not the complex , however in my experience of the leasing agents are rude and unhelpful then your time at the complex will not be enjoyable . she will just stare at you with a look that says what do you want me to do , you 're inconveniencing me .	2609
1	i had a wonderful experience with this company . brandi w. was amazing . she helped me with everything and made sure i understood the service i would be receiving . she is truly the heartbeat of this place . bill was also amazing ! he reassured me all would be just fine . great customer service !	1819
1	this library has been around for a long time . it used to be on 32nd st , north of cactus in a small little building . they have a great selection of books , videos , and music . they also offer classes for your children for free . books ! check'em out !	2089
0	the theater room 4 in this place smells like ass , feet and balls . the fact that it is humid in there makes the smell even worse . fuuuuuuuck yo !	3063
0	do not go here . worst nail salon i have ever been to in my life i wish i had read the reviews first btw this is my first review i have never felt i needed to write one until now i wont post my story because theres just to much to say about this place rude people horrible	3021
0	here now . we ordered a tapsilog , bangsilog and tortang talong . tapa was n't good . ca n't go wrong with fried fish and eggs . the fried rice seemed like white steamed rice topped with fried garlic and peanuts ( ewwww ) . plus it was soggy rice . but why i gave this place 1 star , and not at least 2 ? my tortang talong came out like 25 minutes after our silog meals came out . we were already so full . it was also flavorless . never coming back again . sticking to tina 's filipino cuisine for southwest filipino food .	658
0	not a great location . i 've only been here twice , but both times the sandwiches were sloppily assembled . this most recent visit , they put the avocado spread basically on top so it was getting all over my hands . while i think jimmy john 's is normally a good solid four stars , this location does n't put enough care into the build .	1475
1	i only write reviews if my experience is dirt poor or exceptional , and this one is exceptional . the staff here go out of their way no matter the request . the restaurant staff greet you by name and will remember your preferences from the day prior . ariel cormier is the banquet manager and he ensures everything is is perfect and that everyone is taken care of . i would definitely recommend this hotel and i will be sure to be back again during my next visit to charlotte .	1348
0	it would be four or a five -- they really are doing a lot right -- but the coffee is just too expensive . i wo n't be going there anymore until they lower the prices . it is a good business strategy , the coffee is good , but the prices are still just plain too high . if they were the highest in town , but still within reach , i 'd go all the time . but the prices a just plain too high . i feel like a poor person excluded from a place designed for folks with more disposable income .	1175
0	they are non-existent or inaction regarding parking rules in bella monte community ! many cars or commercial truck have been parking overnight and during daytime in the streets and obviously , nobody from colonial goes around and check parking especially at nighttime anymore !	3608
1	i 've been coming to this car wash since i moved to vegas . i really like that they give you a towel for drying your car and air freshener when you order your wash . sometimes i feel like the employees can be a little pushy with getting their monthly packages/more expensive washes . sorry i 'm a poor grad student . maybe when i graduate i will come often for a nice clean car , but for now , i will live off of the $ 6 washes . service is quick and fast . no complaints ! also , shout out to daniel -- the employees are super nice , but he was especially hilarious the day i went .	2093
1	we take our daughter here ... she loves it and is learning . ms ashley is a caring and wonderful instructor . highly recommend .	2856
0	so accommodating when you signing up ! different story when you want to cancel the membership ! you can sign up from any location but u have to . cancel from where you signed up . you do n't need a manager to sign up but you do when you want to stop !	2919
1	i recently needed a prescription refilled . my insurance company denied coverage of my medication . lilly worked very hard and was able to get my medication approved . she was able to get my insurance company to change their mind ! i appreciate her hard work and dedication . thank you from the bottom of my heart . i am one very satisfied patient ! !	297
1	there are few places on mill that have the laid back social atmosphere but are yet loud and fun . love this place for fun music and good classics ! the name really fits the atmosphere .	1176
0	awful customer service . could n't get an acknowledgment from the person working there - not a `` hello '' or even a smile . from the lack of customers in the store , you 'd think they would try harder . glad there are many other bridal shops to choose from .	3370
1	we have used stellar home services three times now for plumbing repairs and i 'm embarrassed that i have not reviewed them before . always timely , courteous , and fair priced . they even tell me things that i can do on my own to save me money . definitely recommended .	910
0	the worst watch repair shop in las vegas . brought my watch here to simply change the battery , took about 5 min and $ 10.75 , but they also left 2 long scratches on the back of my watch . i 've never seen any watch repair professional leave scratches on handling such a simple task of changing a battery , very unprofessional . and the worst part was that they pretended nothing happened , and acted like it was n't their fault . i was shocked .	2307
1	wonderful salon ! exceptionally clean , professional , and knowledgeable staff . i have been coming here for 12 years and would n't go anywhere else . the best spray tan in nc and i have photos to prove it ! in fact , tania did my daughter 's wedding party and it was natural and realistic . i highly recommend this salon for tanning , nail care , and spray tans . you will not find any better ! ! ! ! !	786
0	if it were possible to give a review with zero stars-i would have ! save yourself your time and money . there is a reason this place is a ghost town . they were beyond rude , i almost turned and walked out the second i was greeting with a mean look as if i was interrupting the show tech was watching . thought i would give the benefit of doubt . sorry i did-i will never return to this salon for services . i have no idea how they are still in business .	854
1	best water company , all the staff is polite and very customer service oriented . bill pay on line very easy to use .	2519
1	this is one of the cantonese restaurants that i frequent in mississauga . i come mainly for the dim sum lunch . what i like is the food is still pushed around on carts just like in the old school days . as a result , you get to eat pretty quickly on your arrival . one thing to watch out for is because you are hungry on arrival , you might tend to over order ! like they say your brain is bigger than your stomach ! however no worries here as we pretty much always take home the left overs for our kids .	0
1	quick , responsive and knowledgable ! open seven days a week and had the part in stock ! when we were trouble shooting our problem with the washing machine and found out the drain pump needed to be replaced , apc had the part and was open-saving us time and getting us back on track . thank you apc ! we will go to them for future help .	3242
1	dollar tree is my favorite store to stock up on greeting cards because they 're 2 for $ 1 . the candy is pretty fresh . this location can get pretty busy . the sales associates are friendly .	2446
1	i really have no idea how to review yogurt places . they all seem the same to me and they 're all delicious . and they 're always wide open spaces with neon colors and sparse furniture . the yogurt here tastes like yogurt and the toppings are plentiful . i typically go for plain or fruity yogurt and pile on the fruit and cheesecake bites ( if they 're available ) . the only issue i could come up with here was the semi-melty consistency of the yogurt , but i ate it so fast , it did n't even matter .	3902
0	abusive staff who try to upsell and do n't let you read the small print , dirty car that needed servicing and ran out of coolant , trash under the seats . non existent customer service on helpline . then when we complained at the return they actually overcharged us with extra hidden fees . given that everyone else has already rated them 1 star , this review will probably not make a difference . if you rent from them be ready for your trip to be ruined .	3576
0	this is the closest old navy to my house and i would rather drive across town to go to the one on rainbow ! employees are always pretty nice but ... . they have a hard time honoring signs that are up in the store and online prices ! 1 time ok i understand but i just had my 3rd bad experience . not a fan !	2617
1	i 'm vexed and haunted by how consistently good each cup of gelato i 've gotten from here is . the flavor descriptions sound incredible on their own and messina hits it home by making their gelati with ingredients and mix-ins that make each spoonful so dreamy . i 've been a fan of their rotating special flavor selection , but panna cotta with fig jam and amaretti has a special place in my heart and continues to be my favorite $ 3.50 scoop .	3735
0	i hired june 's legal services to serve my ex-wife court docs . they took my payment and did not serve her but said they tried to serve her 1x and were unsuccessful so too bad . shawna the receptionist was rude when i asked simple questions and told me to call back another time and speak to a manager .	1932
0	felt very taken advantage of . i can save almost $ 500 by towing to another place . all they wanted was for me to get a credit card with them . felt used , not helped .	2799
1	i needed a tow so i called around . they gave me a good quote on the price & wait time . when the driver arrived he was nice & friendly . towed my car to the shop . end of story .	1530
0	didnt know grown adults cant try own samples i felt i was being punished..plus cashier never once smiled , said hello or thank you.. we all felt unwelcome..kinda weird..oh well it does n't matter we 'll never return ... think we 'll stick with menchies they never failed us..good luck ! !	288
0	do n't go here . my dry cleaning was wrinkled and dingy looking- looked the same as when i dropped it off - looked like they did n't even iron it after . also very pricey for very low quality- do n't make the mistake of taking your clothes here .	1719
0	i was ready to love this place . soda shop vibe ? i love nostalgia ! named after moses cleveland ? i ca n't get enough of all things cleveland ! what could be better ? well ... there 's two things that really bother me about this place . 1 ) the wait . it seems like you have to wait forever in line and then once you pay , you have to wait forever for your ice cream . it 's just ice cream , people , why does it take 10 minutes to put a scoop on a cone ? 2 ) prices vs quality . it 's expensive and i the ice cream 's ok , not great .	3604
1	this is the best place to rent a car at sky harbor airport and david at the counter is the only name you need to know ! great prices , fast service , professional staff and clean cars ... . what else could you want ? p.s . the car return staff is great too !	3595
1	dr sharif does not treat mris or x-rays he 's an actual human doctor treating the human . he does in fact use mris and x-rays as tools to treat ... but he cares about you the person . i felt seen , i felt heard , i felt as though all of my concerns were listened to heard and addressed it 's a sad commentary to say how rare it is to find a doctor with his exemplary skills and a surgeon that still cares and listens . i trust dr sharif with my very messed up spine and my life ... it 's just a beautiful bonus how much he truly cares . i 'd give him more stars were it possible . ! !	2176
1	pros prices are good place is huge * good produce selection & freshness nice helpful staff lots of parking indoor/outdoor lots of carts/basket good hours the whole store is open lots of bathrooms - at lest one on each floor* pharmacy cons : fish counter , deli , bakery , take out , sushi sections close hours before the store does bathrooms downstairs are always dirty * self check out machines are slow they can be out of stock of something for days they pull things from there sku frequently it 's the best grocery for the area though . hands down .	1665
0	really bad experience , management is very unethical . we bought a car there under the pretense that it was equipped with a key fob system , they even gave two key fobs . they never worked so we figured they just needed to be reprogrammed so we took them and the car to the dealer to program them . turns out the fob receiver had been removed from the vehicle before we bought it . they would n't put it back in unless we paid the regular part price and labor , $ 199 . classy .	624
0	was left on hold for 20 minutes . hung up to call back and phones were switched to the we are closed voicemail . no call back	565
1	my family and i stopped here late night one evening while in charlotte . we liked the layout and everyone was very professional & nice . we ordered a pepperoni pizza and mild wings which came up quick . our food was very good and as ordered no complaints at all and we would recommed this place .	902
1	great appliances stores . good affordable prices . overall great experience . y buy at big retail store when you could save money on the same appliances . very happy with my purchase	1236
0	do you like puke on your urinals and your bartenders doing well *sniff sniff , in the bathroom while you wait for a drink ? , i 'm not assuming i went to check , .then i implore you go to duckys pub where the clientele are power drinkers , your feet stick to the floor and the staff drink more than you .	3164
1	i visited this gym over a weekend in pittsburgh and remembered why i fell in love with golds . the staff was extremely friendly and accommodating . the whole gym including the locker room was very clean . the equipment was in good shape and also have dumbbells that go up to 150lbs . there was no wait for any machines or free weights . i 'd highly recommend this gym to anyone looking for a spot . if i move to the area i will certainly become a regular here .	2338
0	aweful . the two girls working the kitchen could n't be bothered because the gun show was going on . took 5 minutes to even be greeted . then she says my card is declined but then the other cc machine worked just fine . the cages them self are very old and out dated do n't pitch very well . go somewhere else !	3555
0	worst rental every . warning do not use them.. i will upload picture of the rental they provided that were broken or just disgusting . detailed texts and email will posted . i can not get into details because legal action is being filed againts this company as we speak . don't do business with them owner steve or the assistance lisseth . should have know with only 15 yelp reveiws..pretty sure 5 stars are fake accounts friends of steve	3620
0	i used to come to this place out of desperation for sushi , but now with so many other options this one does n't make the list ! this is my least favorite sushi spot in mississauga . i find them to be more pricey than the other ayce sushi spots and the quality is worst ! obviously there is seafood being served , but often this place smells horribly of smelly or cheap fish . the quality of food is sub par and the rolls tend to fall apart as soon as you pick them up . service is n't the greatest , expect long waits for your server . i 've retired from eating here .	1231
1	i 'm a landlord and had a messy tenant . i was worried that i would need to replace the carpets in my rental . i was shocked to see how much of a difference dustin at jcs clean was able to make ! his company uses a $ 30,000 machine to clean any type of flooring , including carpets and ceramic tile . i even paid jcs to clean my garage floor too ! their prices are very affordable , they arrived on time , and they were able to finish within a couple of hours . i recommend their services to anyone who 's flooring has a lot of wear and tear -- odds are it will save you a few hundred dollars .	2135
1	i love this place . the portions are huge and the prices are n't bad at all . the food is great , i 've never been disappointed ( i always get the chicken moo shoo ) . the menu has something for everyone , and the delivery is really fast !	945
0	worst massage ever ..they pet you not massage you . give yourself a favour and save your time and money . do n't go there zero massage skills .	1192
1	the dim sum here is great . the regular menu not so much . i have n't had a dim sum item not taste good so i ca n't make any recommendations . try anything ! prices are slightly higher than other places but it 's deserved . lines can be long .	0
0	what kind of coffee shop 75 feet from the courthouse does not have wifi ? starbucks gained over $ 5 billion last year in income and they ca n't spend $ 500 and three hours to install adequate wifi ? smh ... i could n't access the internet on my laptop at all . no wonder there are no legal professionals or office workers here so near the legal center of las vegas . yes , the building 's architecture is nice , staff is cool , but for those needing to do work involving the internet it 's as useful as squirt gun on a battlefield .	1996
0	they are afraid to cut hair . my hubby went in to get a hair cut and came out and it looked like they did n't even cut it . they did a horrible job . i will not recommend them to anyone .	430
1	excellent experience and first class care . from check-in to discharge , everyone treated my husband ( the patient ) and me ( the worried spouse ) with the utmost respect . all fears were put to rest instantly . so thankful !	1225
0	i want to give it -ve rating . just bloody buy some packaged salad , sprouts and add some dressing . you know what forget the dressing too . now pretend you are a fancy goat and eat it . bingo !	1127
0	have you ever been discriminated against ? well if you want to this may be the place for you . security will treat you like a 3rd class citizen and will verbally berate you and your party . i 'm saddened by this altercation , but if my description matches your liking for deprecation by others - then this is your spot .	2200
0	stay away ! ! so disappointing ... stopped in to get the dips ( sns ) and pedicure and first i walked into a yelling match amongst the staff one staff member started crying ( leave your drama at home ! ! ) and my services were a complete waste of time.. 2 and a half hours people and i finally just could n't take it anymore.. having to pay for my services was like a punch in the gut , i refused to pay for my nails i did pay my pedicure but now i have to figure out where to go to get my nails fixed ! ! ! stay away ! !	1388
0	pros : close to old town cons : customer service poor management kids yelling 24x7 rotted wiring ( unstable internet connection ) roaches in walls ( 4 treatments never worked ) numerous accounting discrepancies	3665
1	never disappointed with their service . great staff . friendly and experienced . i recommend them to anyone . get my nails done here very often and refuse to go to any other place . i drive an hour just to get here and do n't regret it . its well worth it !	1829
0	i came here for a couple massage and it was the worst massages ever ! do n't go there ! it does n't worth the money ! i know that it is nice price for a couple massage ... but i had back pains afterwards for days . they scratched my back while doing the massage ... and they do n't understand english so well .	2320
1	i was afraid of to dine here after all the negative reviews , especially since i had a travelzoo voucher . but i 'm sooo glad i came . our server , louis ? was amazing..very helpful and very very friendly . instead of getting dessert he offered to let us choose sides since the steaks were served alone . i highly suggest the ribeye steak..rossini style . a good piece of foie gras on top with truffle oil . so so so good ! ! i ordered the surf and turf but kept eating off the ribeye steak plate . definitely will wan na go back . it 's very pricey but it 's delicious !	971
0	it took us 2 months to get our title . same story as others . all we got was lip service . glen and chris are scammers . we took our car back to get the leather on our driver seat fixed seat was worn out in three days ... .stay far away from these crooks ! ! ! ! ! ! !	3528
0	sams club is sams club and do n't expect the speedy checkout like costco . poor selection of products , slow customer service , and not to mention about their sluggish check out lines . someone needs to motivate the workers with higher pay and better system . feels like a turkey farm here ... .if costco is nearby , sams club is out of the question ...	2469
1	walgreens are nice . i really like how well lit and clean inside and out . the employees are very nice and accommodating at this walgreens .	1733
0	really bad service and very rude employees . our family wo n't be back , we will just drive to the chandler heights location from now on .	1770
0	absolutely no stars from me , actually ! i have to give them at least one star to post this review . that was the worst massage i have ever had ! the lady that did my massage was grumpy and spoke very little english . ( not that is problem ; what is a problem is when she is angry with me for not understanding what she wants me to do ! i will not go back and i will not recommend this place to anyone !	2014
1	a simple , bright , clean and casual place to come ! relaxed atmosphere- large menu with appetizers , drinks , sandwiches , soups , salads and dinner choices- daily specials too ! nice and friendly staff , good for a story and a laugh ! never disappointed !	1380
0	let 's start with the parkkng : parking is around back with doors in the front ( not good for handicap ) . door labeled to go in was locked . the door for take out is to be used but not labeled for restraunt entrance . the table for a party of 4 received bread with no silverware , but the bread was good ! the baked ziti had no herbs/spices or flavor . we will not return .	192
1	this place has an amazing fish fry and awesome reuben egg rolls ! the food is classic irish deliciousness . on the weekends they have live irish music but get there early ... ..the seating fills up fast ! ! ! !	454
1	food and service were great . the stir fry is a must . ordered two dishes , asparagus , spinach , shitaki mushrooms , and tofu with rice . second dish was greenbeans , carrots , onions , rice noodles , and chicken in a curry sauce . both were so delicious . will definitely return .	205
0	this office staff is one of the worst office staffs i have had to deal with . they do not smile , they are slow and they do not call you back on important and not important issues . the billing staff is out of this world horrible . i have have been calling on a situation forever ( 7 plus months ) with no results . i like there doctors there but the staff is a sad group . people who come in mostly have some type of mental illness . you would think the staff would give the patient a smile and a `` how are you doing today '' . they give you nothing ! ! ! !	1541
1	the staff is so helpful . every time i go in there everyone is super friendly . all the items i need are always in stock . love this mac store	2409
0	this place was barely worth it before . now after their huge price hike , it 's not worth it at all . who charges $ 3 for texas toast , and $ 1 per ranch cup ? buffalo wild wings is even cheaper . at least they have a lot better wings .	1397
1	i have ordered delivery many times , and tried several different things . the food is consistently high quality and delicious . the menu has such variety and so many great options . you can not go wrong with express pizza . yummy !	987
1	i came in for a haircut , and my 5 yr old daughter came with me . the folks at paul mitchell gave her a haircut , did her nails , and even did her makeup . the staff treated her so well , she felt like a princess . there is no better gift a company can provide than making my daughter smile . this school is my new favorite locale in vegas .	354
1	nice facility with great instructors and helpful staff . it 's very clean . lots of equipment and class choices .	2699
0	the food here is always good but 4 of 5 times we come here at least one order is wrong . if the waiter would write our orders down that might improve . it 's frustrating to have limited time for a lunch break and get the wrong order . today , 3 out of 4 of our orders were wrong and they gave a 30 % discount . so , we basically got to eat what they decided to serve us for $ 2.00 off menu price . i also believe it is obscene to charge $ 1.00 for a tablespoon of sour cream or 1/4 cup of cheese in a mexican restaurant .	882
1	this place is amazing . we are never disappointed . they are almost always early and never late . there has n't been one thing that we 've ordered that we did n't like . awesome quantities and in general incredible food . absolutely recommend !	276
1	food was pretty good but a bit too salty . the atmosphere & decor are excellent . thanks . will come by again .	177
1	i ca n't get enough of crafty burger goodness . oh . my . godddddddddddd yes	1046
0	not a good experience . truck was pulling left , took it in and was told i needed to replace upper and lower ball joints on both sides , two tires and get four wheel alignment . was quoted over $ 2000.00 . decided to get 2cd opinion , ball joints were in perfect condition , needed two tires and 4 wheel alignment . saved $ 1700.00 . truck is now great . buyer beware !	3405
1	california burger was delicious ! ! spinach artichoke dip was a weird consistency . i was n't a fan . sweet potato fries were crisp and fresh . wings were fantastic . service was pretty good . cleanliness was ok .	68
0	i felt so lost during my 4 years at this school . it 's very big and nobody really knows who you are . it 's also expensive .	1722
1	i purchased a groupon for elements , even though this location was on the opposite side of town . let me tell you , it was well worth the drive . i had the best massage ever , i was almost sleeping during the massage . anthony was great . i went back to him a second time , and i took my mom too . highly recommend going to see him .	450
1	what a fun place ! hubby has been wanting to go here , so we went just before picking up kiddo from school on thursday.he got an angry dog and i got west coast dog . delicious ... i ca n't wait to try the santa fe , he want to try dragon next time . each dog averages $ 5 and the small fries is enough to share with someone . when i checked in , it gave me a yelp deal too . i will use it next time , i checked in after i paid . o well , more incentive to return !	1566
1	this service is wonderful here.. bart is a fantastic , he 's very knowledgeable and a pleasure to do business with . it 's good to have great mechanics and know that your car is going to be taken care of .	599
0	they managed to redo the chairs and make them so uncomfortable ! movie chairs were not broken , why were they fixed ? these mechanical recliners are loud when you try to adjust during a movie .	3063
1	love this place ! great quality ; great prices ; super friendly . i never really had a go-to place for alterations before . now every time i am about to put an item of clothing back in the closet because it 's too big or missing buttons or the lining is torn , i take it to the folks at sun - a couple of days and​ a couple of dollars later i 'm wearing my favourite stuff again !	2425
1	this place is an impeccable clinic ! i came all the way from las vegas to get adjustments from dr russell . he is very thorough and professional . he also let me understand what is my problem and what i should do about it . i felt he really personally care about my lower back issues . and more than anything , he executes adjustments well . thank you dr russell you are awesome !	3525
1	medshape made me lose 27 ponds in 3 weeks ! the workers at medshape are really nice . and the bars are really good for taste and losing weight : ) i say if you need to lose weight you should go to medshape weight loss clinic .	2588
0	stopped by for cheesecake on a sunday afternoon - website & hours on door said they were open - door was locked & nobody was inside . they should have been open for another 2 hours . so disappointed ! might be a good idea to call first !	3611
1	do n't be put off by exterior . extremely pleasant , welcoming , and attentive service . outdoor deck , foosball and pool table upstairs are fun . fascinating book collection and all around charming atmosphere . we love it here and will come back whenever in toronto .	1091
0	decent selection ... nothing special and way too pricey . absolutely no acknowledgment by the employees when customers enter . three employees of whom walked by us several times as they were rearranging items . no , `` hello ! `` no `` welcome ! '' no `` is there anything we can help you with ? '' -and you get to listen to barking dogs locked up in kennels while you shop . too bad !	1987
0	as a recent chicago transplant , i 've really been missing chicago pizza . imagine my amazement when i discovered that there was an uno 's in madison ! wrong . while the original pizzaria uno ( at ohio and wabash ) is wonderful , something is lost in translation here . i ca n't even explain it . it 's just bad . the hunt for good deep dish in madison continues ...	705
1	this my place whenever i 'm in toronto and androjeny is a beaaast ! she did 3 smaller tattoos on me and also a 10 hour rib piece and i could n't be happier . also had a small neck piece done by key who is also dope af . chill as vibe in there and everyone 's coooool will be coming back often haha	2028
0	yeah , as with the other reviews ... .go elsewhere . these are crooks ! guys arrived 1.5 hours late , supposed to be 9am . my place is not that hard to find ... it is a major cross-section ! start time 10:30am , finished at 2pm . the labor guys were nice , but the financial/logistics behind it are crooks ! charged me for the full 5 hours ... .and an extra hour for trip charge ! unbelievable ! $ 275 for 3.5 hours of labor . do what these other reviews say ... .find someone else . there are plenty of more honest people around .	1756
1	i 'm in love with the street tacos and the only place for a great pesto pizza with chicken . friendly staff and had a blast at happy hour with my friends	732
0	i went to this store yesterday first of all the parking lot is filthy dirty . i went in looking for a new windshield screen for my car . serval people were helping other people out no one even acknowledged me and said we 'll be with you in a moment ! i get it you 're busy but it 's still nice to acknowledge someone and tell them you will be free in a moment ! i finally asked someone where they were he was nice enough they had like two screens no selection at all . i went to target found exactly what i was looking for ! it was clean	2502
1	workers are super friendly , nice , and hilarious . great deals and great products . kid friendly to ! i recommend to all !	3067
1	loved my haircut i had gotten from win salon not long ago . i had heard of it from some friends and decided to try it . it was definitely worth it . the hair stylists are very nice and really take time to do the style you want . the only downside is that they only accept cash , which is inconvenient for someone who never carries cash and is coming into the place for the first time . they were able to accommodate using a card reader app and ipad but reminded me to bring cash instead next time . other than that , i do like this salon and would definitely get my hair cut here again .	3486
0	i 'm not happy at all . the food was good . but the service sucks ! ! ! i 'm vegetarian and ordered the margarita pizza , they put meat on it after i asked the waitress more than three times if there was meat . her replies were : `` idk let me check '' `` yeah , i 'm not sure '' . just not satisfied at all .	741
1	being a small cupcake place in downtown champaign instead of a bustling city , i can understand why some reviewers might have received stale cupcakes . but when my friend and i went , i remember delicious cupcakes , both frosting and cake . most memorable : 1. coconut 2. pink lemonade good cupcakes if you 're lucky to get fresh ones = ]	3749
0	my husband bought me a massage here for mother 's day . i have been here a couple of times before & always had a good experience . this time , i had 3 appointments cancelled because each time the therapist had a sudden emergency . i was offered a facial as an apology , but that is not what i purchased or wanted . this is a terrible way to run a business .	3554
0	just bought a house and needed the carpet cleaned before moving in . we paid for tile cleaning and carpets in the entire house about 1700 square feet . paid about 600 dollars for the service . they did a good job with the carpet . tile turned out ok , but in the downstairs bathroom they totally broke off the door stopper . pieces of wood from the bathroom door came off along with the door stopper . then they pulled out the faucet sprayer and broke that . i would n't call them ever again after this experience .	3796
1	i have used hugh rite for about 10 years , they have maintained , put in new doors and new openers in my two garages . they have always been prompt , courteous and efficient . lately i had some intermittent trouble which was difficult to diagnose . they persisted until the matter got fixed.i highly recommend hugh-rite .	2377
0	there are liars and thieves in this walmart car service center . anytime i go here it 's a bad experience . they will steal my metal tire caps , lie about service that 's been done etc . i hope it 's not a walmart thing but specific to this location . the photo below shows how they lied about the tire pressure - the receipt says 35 psi while the dash show 29 - it would n't be so bad except i asked them to fill the tires . they said the car was wrong . i had to fill the tires myself at a service station later . did they actually work on my car ? you 've been warned .	3825
0	i got a buttermilk donut which was good but everything else was not great . my husband got a strawberry-filled donut which he said tasted like it was filled with strawberry icing . he also got a strawberry smoothie which he specified to the cashier was a fresh-fruit smoothie and it tasted like icing as well . i got a milk tea which was the worst i 've ever tasted . it did n't taste like it had any tea in it and the sweetness was both overwhelming and artificial tasting . the tapioca balls were too hard to even go up the straw and would get stuck . i had decent hopes for this place but it just did n't meet any of them .	3137
0	do not go here if you need to change your name . you will wait in line and when you finally get inside , that 's when they tell you to go to the buffalo location .	2598
1	let 's just say i feel privileged and proud to be a nursing student at this community college !	2787
1	this is the former merchandise mart on independence . i just attended the southern christmas show here the other night . great place . it 's huge ! the christmas show has been here for years . lots of arts , crafts , food & festive stuff . a christmas shopaholic 's dream , a husband 's nightmare ! plenty of parking ( $ 6 to park ) and tickets to the show are just $ 7.50 at all harris teeters with a vic card ( i knew they were good for something ) . this place has all kinds of expos & shows throughout the year . the southern christmas show is a great way to get into the holiday spirit !	1492
1	really friendly and helpful staff . i ordered the veggie burger which was good . however the cheese fries were n't the best . i do not recommend the cheese fries . lots of seating and a very clean environment .	1337
0	follow up : this place still sucks . i do n't know where they find their front office workers but they are just not very bright . laundry rooms rarely work and take multiple washes to get your clothes clean . the only improvement is they fixed the streetlights so you can actually see where you are walking at night , bravo . do not move here , save your money and live somewhere that actually cares about its residence .	3148
0	i have been going there awhile but after this last time probably will not . the gel nail polish that is guaranteed to stay on 21 days has come off after a week both this time and last time . i had my nails and toes done before vacation a week ago and it 's all peeled off . it bubbled and then peeled off . ridiculous .	3948
1	awesome service ! ! ! i only use satellite for my glass replacement ... . does n't matter what area you use them in ... ..they always have the best customer service ... .	1988
1	there 's always consistency with the taste of my wings , and how nice the staff are . i am obsessed with the mild wings . no matter what , come see cynthia ! ! ! she 's awesome ! ! ! !	1395
0	my wife took an item to them to be sewn ; the procedure was agreed , and the cost was also agreed . on the delivery day , only one of the items were done . in my opinion , this process took about 5 minutes from beginning to end . the other alteration was not done , but now they want more money to do it . $ 8 for 5 minutes works out to $ 96 p/h . not very customer friendly , and not recommended .	1545
0	wow i am not surprised they have this kind of rating . took them only one month to get our drier fixed . worst customer service ever ! ! ! tried to call a couple of times to see what 's going on . i have been told countless times that i will get a call back . not once did i get it . i was kinda stuck with them because my home warranty company sent them . do not use this company ! ! ! !	3885
1	was hesitant to try a new place that i was n't familiar with but dream nails does not disappoint . they have a huge selection of gel colors to choose from at a decent price . what i like most about this place is the service . they are incredibly patient while waiting for my friends and me to pick our gel color . not only that but they are helpful in guiding us and suggesting different colors or ideas .	3274
1	this place is dangerous . i could definitely spend all my money in one day , maybe two . this store has so much to offer for any sportsman or woman . added benefit , it is attached to a casino for the significant other that does n't want to walk around the store .	2601
0	no air conditioner was on at all and it was over 105 outside . they put my friends size 13 shoe in a bucket that was way too small . tapped the feet instead doing any real massage or reflexology . never again .	1322
0	prices are very high for the quality of food . i took some of the food back and they did refund me but no way should they think the prices are ok. also when i went in i had to walk all over glass . the front window broke and they made no attempt to clean it up . after i left i had to pick pieces out of my dress shoes . i was hoping they were better but i guess go down the strip mall a little more and get good quality food .	1361
1	dos is our favorite spot . all the staff are awesome as is their food . they have great happy hour deals . i really like the bloody mary 's and the breakfast burrito on sundays . dos gringos rocks ! ! !	704
0	this place is a joke . truth is i have no idea if the cupcakes taste good or not . i bought a groupon and was excited to get these cupcakes for a birthday party and was told that they are only available 2 days out of the whole week . hope to et a refund from groupon .	1673
0	a ton of scratches from the brushes today . been here so many times and never scratches , but today , all over , sides , hood , roof , back . never scratched anywhere but here today . very very disappointed . hopefully they come out with waxing and buffing . otherwise the unlimited car wash wo n't be a great deal at all . need to change the brushes more frequently through day , especially if extra dirt covered car or truck goes thru .	2939
1	my boyfriend and i had traveled from southern california , last minute , unfortunate and exhausting day in glendale , az we were absolutely starving and looking for a good dinner and a cocktail . texas roadhouse not only had the best steak 's they had an amazing service staff as well . our server jonathan , a.k.a j.b . recommended a beer called `` the kilt-lifter '' from a local brewery and i had a peach tea vodka drink . both hit-the-spot . the steaks were great especially the bone-in ribeye . food was fantastic and the service was friendly and worth mention to the manager .	560
1	april and michael gives the best gel pedicures ! ! ! not only do they take their time and give great massages , the prices can not be beat . on the plus side they always have the best movies playing on the surround sound .	1661
1	i like this place . it 's a great space , with huge mirrors ! it 's in a cool location . granted , i live around the corner , but if i ever move , i 'm driving here to get my hair cut . yoki does an excellent job . she 's cut my hair four times now , and it continues to grow out perfectly . i 've never had a haircut that i 've liked better ... and it continues to improve over time . a very rare skill set !	3610
1	enjoyed checking out ashley homestore . great selection of furniture . was greeted by `` ej '' . very helpful guy and very friendly . found lots of great pieces of furniture . definitely my style and i thought the prices were reasonable compared to other furniture stores i walked into in the area . i 'll definitely be back to make a purchase . a++	3738
0	to start of this hotel is in a great location.. i give the hotel a 2.4 rating ... .. the hotel does need upgrade/fix issue . the carpet on the way to the room was filthy with bleach spot in many area . the room were okay but the chairs were to big ... . it a average cheap hotel.. we got a good price so it was good but this hotel is not a 100/night hotel .	2866
0	twice the price of a real ny bagel and half as good . am i missing something ? is there a secret ingredient ? bagels are small and average tasting . not even cut in half . 2/5 stars	325
0	they do n't follow their advertised hours . i checked their hours , biked all the way over there for lunch and the door was locked , although all the patio tables were set and there were people inside .	1271
1	great golf course . come here once a year for super bowl and the grass is like carpet . will be back next year for sure .	1087
0	i used to enjoy going here but it has gone down hill . went there for lunch today and the enchiladas i ordered came out cold . also we ordered the queso and were told it would take awhile because they were making it fresh . it came out with a pudding like skin on the top .	1558
1	props to the management of this starbucks . i have frequented different starbucks all over the gta , as i have lived in different areas of the city . now , i am at school near by to this one and ... seriously ... most consistent lattes ever . they are full to the brim and they taste good . always . every once in a while , at other starbucks , i 've gotten pretty crappy drinks . here ? they are always good . no matter who the barista is ! i 'm impressed .	3294
1	these guys were life savers ! ! i had booked a car through costco at budget for a trip to oakland , california . budget could n't honor the booking due to ineptitude . payless not only had a car available but also honored the discounted costco reservation , even though they have no affiliation . wow to top that off , the paperwork was simple , straight forward , took only minutes , and had by far the best looking counter staff . absolutely no upselling here . check in was even easier . i 'd rent from these guys again over the `` big four '' companies i 've had to deal with in recent months .	3595
1	my roomie and i decided that we deserved to treat ourselves with mani/pedis after a long hard week . great service . the nail techs are really nice and do a great job . i think they liked that i was vietnamese , thats probably the most i 've spoken in vietnamese in a very long time . very clean salon . the chairs for the pedicures were nice ... they had a weird butt massage thing going on them as well as a back and neck massage . not the cheapest but at least they take their time .	2390
1	if you are looking for a restaurant with an outstanding beer selection and great food , this is your place . long ago , their food was not good - but they 've made great strides in the kitchen and now it 's tough to find anything on the menu that 's not good . ribeye steak is very flavorful - french fries are a+ . burgers are gourmet in quality . as a beer aficionado , the only quality that would make this place better would be to see more rotating taps . i want to see more new and unusual beers , more often .	211
1	because we are in mississauga , i think this place is pretty good compare to other dim sum places around the area . me and my family used to come here a lot , but nowadays we all so busy that we come here less . the dim sums here are n't as fancy as the one in mississauga china town , but i do n't mind the look . i just mind about the taste . tips : only a few dim sum need to order . most of them are pushed out .	0
0	my wife loved the flowers , but the fact that she mentioned that it seemed like they did it in a hurry made me write this review , the flowers were not spread out and had bunched up clusters . i spent over $ 100 and that will probably be my last time there , she wasnt completely satified to me if she mentioned that .	38
1	good store , with good prices . a customer can get cash back ( like an atm machine ) . cashiers are also nice and helpful . one thing i like about all aldi stores is they do not play music . some of the music in some retail stores can be loud and annoying , but for other stores , it can be pleasant . i personally prefer no music .	1824
0	no ! the food is n't worth the money to me . it 's not seasoned , the fries are awful . it 's best to drive down craig to raising canes . ! !	998
1	catfish with poutine combo was fantastic the blackened catfish had the perfect amount of heat , the chicken pan gravy was amazing . service with a smile . not sure how i found this truck but i 'm lucky i did	1007
1	mary is a great professional and a dedicated supporter of the community . she is knowledgeable and always available to provide insight and advice . definitely someone who you should look to for advice and guidance .	2026
1	good sit down chinese restaurant with food served on real plates . casual , but clean . great service , but i would expect that since i was the only eat - in customer the hour i was there on a thursday night . quite a few walk-ins for take out , but no others eating there . all food is served mild , but they ask if you want it medium or hot spicy . portion was way more than i could eat and they did n't skimp on the meat .	1550
0	i never received an apology from hobby lobby for the bad customer service i got when i returned an item . apparently they do n't value their customers . also , why do they close at 8:00 pm and why closed on sunday ? this is the christmas season , people are shopping . i specifically drove to their store to buy some items i needed , and when i walked into the store , they were closing . there was a woman locking the doors at 8:00 while people were lined up at the registers . i ended up going to michaels . i 'm finished with hobby lobby !	204
1	been working with them for a couple years now . excellent people ; great communication . definitely recommend . keep up the great work !	2848
1	i brought my 65 lb . standard poodle in to do the self serve wash . the tubs are hydraulic and can be raised and were so much easier on my back than doing it at home ! the sprayers made it so convenient and they supplied the shampoo , conditioner , face wash , ear cleaner , towels , and force air dryer . all for $ 14 . the staff was incredibly helpful and nice ! we will definitely be back !	3290
0	capital one is a great card as long as you do n't expect good customer service . ask for a credit line increase and you carry a balance ? you get a letter/email that says you are denied because your payment is too low . the payment sent may be 2-3 times the minimum on a regular basis and it still may not be enough . when capital one is contacted , there is no financial decision maker available through any means , in which to ask how much the expected payment is to make such a request . pretty bad if you ask me .	3236
1	so this was my first time to club red and i was expecting the worst conditions after reading the reviews on the place . i get there and it 's awesome in every way good ventilation air flow sound quality was good otep rocked it of course either they did a 360 on the bar recently or people are full of sh $ @	17
0	okay , so ... i 'm all about a wood fire , crispy , while densely chewy , with a hint-of-sweetness bagel , but i think the balance was just not there . i had the lox & cream cheese on a sesame bagel , and cinnamon raisin to-go . overall , the bagels were way too tough making the sandwich very difficult to eat . i felt like the sweetness of the dough actually enhanced more of a floury taste which overpowered the flavors as a whole . i did appreciated the side salad that came with the sandwich , though .	995
0	this is a great place to go if you want to pay more for cheap , poor quality furniture . they were way overpriced compared to other stores i compared them to . i also wanted to look around and only come in for 10-15 minutes to browse . well the sales lady followed me around and continued to show me pieces that were outside of my budget and not even what i was looking for . they try to push financing options on you to make you forget that you are overpaying . i did not like the pushy sales feeling i got .	1998
1	gina is the best ! she knows how to connect with patients and does everything she can to help ! the facility is clean and the staff is super friendly .	1843
1	on a whim , i stopped in to get eyebrow wax . but eyebrow threading was recommended . since i had never experienced threading before , i asked the usual questions - how long does it take , how long does it last , why is it better than waxing . by the next morning , i could see eyebrow hair that was not removed . i also upgraded and had eyebrow tinting . was disappointed in the results . staff was friendly , though difficult to understand . store was neat and clean sadly , i feel my money was wasted , as well as my 'over ' tip , as i now have to have my brows waxed in just a couple of days .	3614
0	just a manicure first time empty place not very personable sign says $ 15.00 i was fine with that and would give 5.00 tip - when she said she was done i asked for a buff and she gave me a funny look and then told me the mani- is now 20.00 due to the 30 second buff - there went her tip and my return visit . never paid 5.00 extra for quick buff before - so it was a one time only shot .	3732
0	dr. batoon was a good enough dentist , but her bedside manner was terrible , and he office staff was lacking . i was over-charged by a lot and it took a week of me calling every day before i finally got a hold of someone who could help me and got my refund . every time i called i was assured someone would call me back by the end of the day and they never did . that alone was enough to make me see care somewhere else . pay attention to your bills if you go here ! ! ! ! -edit : 02/27/2017 i received a full refund after speaking with dr. batoon directly	3099
0	had n't been here for several years , horrible disappointment . chix with garlic sauce had no taste . egg rolls , wonton soup were not good . all in all ... ..will not go back .	1524
1	i am beyond satisfied with the service and the customer friendly environment this facility relayed . i went in for brakes and their hands on approach and efficient communication got my car back on the road promptly . i will coming here for all routine maintenance moving forward . thanks jon !	2040
0	i have been a member at this gym since it has been open . in the beginning it was a great gym to go to . since then , new management has come into place , the gym has become over crowded and the bathrooms are not kept clean . they have also started charging maintenance fees , however the machines are always broken . the lack of customer service at the front desk on saturday mornings during prime time is a dissatisfaction . if you sign up for the $ 10/month you get what you pay for , but as a long time member , the gym has gone downhill .	3446
0	tried the masala burger and poutine fries . for the first time , yelp led me wrong . i was quite disappointed . the bun was dry and the burger was just confusing . the fries ... meh . also as an fyi : it 's cash only .	940
1	today was for our veterans free lunch which was very good sierra was a waitresses she was great and very cute ! catfish very good and chicken fried steak delish ! ! !	560
0	i contracted cdc pools to resurface my pool deck . the salesman was very personable and attentive . there was poor communication from the work crew and their workmanship was substandard . they did not show up to their agreed upon time and a couple of times they were a no show . i had to have them back to do touch up and clean up work . i am still not totally happy with the work but i am tired of dealing with them so did the work myself and just over look the rest .	659
1	had a craving for some sushi downtown and this spot did n't disappoint . i was led here by the good reviews . nothing fancy and the seating is n't very comfortable but the sushi is on point . they also have a couple salads you can get as well like seaweed and octopus . we had the spicy california and spicy tuna rolls . great prices and everything tastes great . impressed by the quick service ! i was in and out of there in less than ten minutes .	24
0	we have been trying different pubs in the airdrie area over the past 6 months and this place will certainly be removed from our list . beer selection was average , food was below average and cocktail selection , despite having a large menu , was pitiful . ordered an old fashioned and was given a glass of bourbon with a cherry and a sugar cube in it . there was even a picture of the drink in the menu as it should be presented . so a glass of bourbon ( bullet ) and a sugar cube cost $ 14 - quite unbelievable . so , obviously make your own decisions but we will never be going back .	1546
0	c'est tellement pas les meilleurs déjeûners ... chaque fois je me demande pourquoi je vais la-bas . souvent c'est par manque de connaissance du quartier ou par faute de mieux . c'est plate a dire , mais c'est ça . les crèpes sont caoutchouteuses , on doit payer pour avoir du vrai sirop , le service est vraiment ordinaire , c'est toujours plein , etc . je préfère vraiment les endroits uniques ou on sert de la bouffe vraiment maison . en plus je ne peux pas supporter les décorations de coq , je trouve ça laid hahaha , cocorico !	358
0	scheduled an appointment , received a confirmation email that contained my correct address/email/phone . scheduled time came and went without any notice . will be looking for another company that will actually come at the scheduled time without having to hunt them down .	1473
1	my family has been going to mr. hong for over 20 years , when he used to work out of a small office in the chinese resteraunt that used to sit on the corner of scottsdale and camelback ! mr.hong is the real deal -he is a taylor and a skilled craftsman . over the years mr. hong has altered everything from my wedding dress to my husbands class eights and everything comes out perfect . in addition to being a fantastic taylor , he is a really nice man , with a facinating life story having originally been born in cambodia during the khmer rouge . anyway , mr.hong is amazing .	136
0	( 2.5 stars ) service when we were here was exceptionally slow . i agreed to try this place because i 've never been to a cha me cha chain and it was my friend 's farewell meet . not impressed . we were greeted dismissively by the waitress , and it took us forever to get our drinks ( literally , we ordered and it took 30 minutes for them to make us some milk tea ... ) . the milk tea is standard . tried some of the crema as well , and the saltiness of the foam on top is not for my tastebuds . i 'm sticking with cha-time and ten ren for bubble tea !	176
1	my first home for my kids and i out in phx as we just moved in town and i must say it was easy and stress free and since everyone in the office is so easy to deal with and they understand sometimes life happens and will try their best within their limits to work with you .	3388
0	custom tailor should be one word and a 4 letter word like `` love '' . it should not be abused . i took a dress here and the owner told me to take the dress somewhere else because he thought it fit fine . i am 5 ' 7 105 lbs with no hips the top of the dress fit perfectly but the bottom was loose and it was supposed to be fitted pencil style ( helmut lang ) i am sure he is great with hems and taking up sleeves and taking in the waist of pants but `` custom tailor '' - not really ... ..	136
1	the service is perfect.. water is fresh.. my delivery guy hugo is the best always on time..	2519
0	now that i 've eaten at la tavola i ca n't believe all the good reviews it got . the calamari was very chewy although the flavor was good . the sauce did not stick to the pasta and the grease used for the veal was not fresh . the only thing memorable was the rack of lamb . we all agreed it was very good . service was adequate . ambiance was terrible .	423
1	amazing ! huge portions and fresh ! ! i got the turkey burger and most turkey burgers are on the drier side ! this was so good ! and huge . i got no bun and they loaded it up with toppings . sweet potato tots are enough to share for 2 people . it 's $ 9 dollars for either bison/turkey/beef or a non-meat alternative ! ca n't beat it . best burger locally also ! plenty o ' beer on draft !	1571
1	needed an oil change and got in right away . had the opportunity to schedule an appointment for a recall repair and now waiting enjoying coffee and popcorn . the gentlemen working the floor , big al , is super nice and respectful .	1910
1	newer spot in tempe serving great mexican food . they are smoking their own meats in the back , are byob , and will start to sell meats by the pound here in the near future . the food is really good , the salsa bar let 's you kick up the spices to your liking and the staff is friendly . definitely give it a try if you are in the neighborhood .	562
1	good place ! the food and prices are good/normal . think asian legend-esque , but thai version . the oakville location has all you can eat lunch buffets that are really yummy and the environment is really nice considering it 's an asian-owned restaurant . service is not the best and this kinda puts a damper on it only because the intended clientele is more for westerners ( not ethnicity , but `` western perspective/lifestyles '' in which service is important overall ) . would come back again - with a date .	1362
0	the food is mostly heated up in a microwave before being toasted in an oven . it cost $ 9 for 12 '' sub so kind of pricey . the subs are bland but the pizza is n't bad . the workers are n't very friendly or personable .	1356
1	everyone who works there is polite and professional . i had to see several people during my visit and i did n't wait more than five minutes for any doctor or technician .	1635
0	this place is absolutely the worst experience i 've ever had . the food was extremely over priced and i literally would n't feed it to my dog . cold , greasy , old ingredients , and the chicken tenders were undercooked . please do yourself a favor and do n't bother ordering food from this place .	1295
1	they are very friendly play everything tori is a bartender she 's she nice and alanna she gave us our table and she was the nicest best person ever .	1734
0	has the potential for a sweet , intimate venue . however , when i went the crowd was very disrespectful , so much so that the artist requested that people stop talking . i could n't hear the music due to all the people noise , so i will not go here again for someone i 'm really into .	225
0	sitting here eating the 4 piece tenders . not a fan of pink chicken . 1st time the food was ok. definetely down hill since . the service is terrible . placebos almost empty and you wait for ever . gon na mark this off the list as a return .	862
1	loved the apps , reasonable pricing , and lively environment . great food , service , and absolutely amazing live performance made mine and the girlfriend 's night . the female lead singer had an incredible voice and created a lovely evening for me and my girlfriend . it was the whole package .	177
0	terrible service even with an appointment . i expected the customers to be `` ghetto '' and the lobby to have crying babies with mothers more worried about their cell phones then telling them little abominations to shut the hell up . but the employees are just as bad . no respect for the customer . you are just a number to these people . make an appointment , come early as possible to avoid the trash and bring earplugs . do n't be surprised if the lady with 15 kids gets preferential treatment over you . and protect your valuables .	1077
1	fantastic walmart . new . clean . well stocked . enjoyed shopping in here . a+	3066
0	i just want everyone to know that lobby and housekeeping staff are bunch liar . i left stuff toy when i stay there and i got home i ask them if they found it and they said they have it they will keep it for me and nobody mention about 9o days policy if dont claim it they will throw it away . i was in town tidy to claim it and they said they do n't have it i stay lot marriott facility do n't have issue i do n't recommend 'this hotel they do n't deserve any star can not be trusted and i 'm gon na report this to marriot corporate office	3253
0	tried them twice . both times they refused to contact my insurance for prescriptions . i 've never received a specific card for prescriptions from my insurance company for prescriptions . have also never had any challenges ever in having a pharmacy call to verify . they refuse to apply your insurance if you do not have your card . both times i asked them to check with someone . but hey- if the cashiers do n't care about me , why should i go back and care about this business . at $ 50 a month for my prescription this adds up . i will take my business elsewhere .	1372
0	45 minutes wait to even talk to an agent about our already reserved rental car . what a joke . we should have used uber	3129
1	we 've probably been coming to paradise juice for the last 15 years and in all that time the quality and taste has never wavered ! easily one of our favorite spots and the owners are wonderful ! i hope it will be around for at least another 15 years to come .	3026
0	i went to return a defective item well within the return period . when they refused to return because item was worn i asked if they could make a note of item since it was a safety concern . the manager george refused to provide me with safety number and his employee number ( it 's disney policy ) although i stayed calm never raising my voice ( i was with my kids ) he called security on me . this store has had several complaints about return . just know that if u need to return you will be treated with hostility . already called disney corporate to report this	1960
1	i got married this august and my friend suggested i check out urban nails for my mani-pedi and i was very satisfied . the place is much cleaner than other nail salons and my services cost only a few more dollars . the staff are also very friendly . `` kelly '' is especially good . the french manicure and pedicure she gave me lasted several weeks after the weddng . i 'd def . go back there again .	3247
1	my first time here i saw michelle she was amazing ! ! she took her time to match my nails and feet and i kept changing my mind and she was very sweet and patient with me i def recommend her ! !	686
0	the service was really good , very friendly . i honestly just thought the food sucked , which i was really surprised by , because it had a lot of hype . i 'm not really sure what else to say . it just was n't good . maybe i went on a bad day ?	270
1	wife and i have been coming to this otb for many years . never have had a problem with food and service . as usual the food and service were very good . wife had a combo of tacos and enchiladas . i had the flank steak and enchiladas . dessert was delicious as well .	1558
0	i came here for their winterlicious 2016 lunch menu . i arrived at a busy and noisier time , but it quieted at around 1pm . the soup i ordered was too sour for my taste . however , i did enjoy the spicy curry , which i found too spicy later , but no worries if you have a higher tolerance for spicy food . i do wish that they put more vegetables to counter the spiciness . the waiters were very nice and friendly ... but they sometimes left my friend and i hanging ( as they temporarily got distracted and forgot about it ; but , one time thing so all is forgiven ) .	1425
0	i 've gotten sick twice now after eating here . management does n't seem to care and plays dumb yet there are multiple reviews of people getting sick at this location .	998
1	excellents service , bartender recommended a dish that was'nt on the menu ( but should be ) called sambal . he even went above & beyond recommended an excellent wine pairing to the dish . def recommend !	961
0	i try not to post poor reviews of places , but this place irked me . i went for a walk with my kids in their stroller to get my nails filled . no biggie , i 've done it a million times . their doorway is so narrow the stroller would n't fit . first time that has ever happened , and the width is the same ( about 1/4 '' narrower actually ) than a standard wheelchair . nobody bothered to get up and even see if i needed help either , they just stared . i walked off to another salon . so : if you are in a wheelchair or have a double stroller , do n't bother here .	3682
1	came here with a friend of mine to get mani/pedis before a wedding . amazing experience ! the girls were awesome and very attentive and funny ! we 're not easy people to impress but we will definitely be back !	43
0	fyi : the d.o . summers cleaners at 14409 cedar rd , in university heights , oh 44121 damaged a dress that i submitted for same day service . the hemline was snapped and hanging when it was returned to me , the eye lash hook was pulled apart , and the dress did not smell fresh . the only explanation that i was given was , `` well same day delivery ... , '' and `` sometimes we put them in [ the machine ] twice , but i do n't know what they did . '' i do not recommend sending your clothes to them .	2784
0	first time i give one start to any groomer , i send my golden retriever to grooming on dec 27 2016 , and i found some hot spot on jan 1st 2017 , it get worse on jan 7th 2017 , the doctor says that cause of groomer , hair not dry enough or shampoo has some problems .	3177
0	reserved 8 rooms for an employee event . dinner and raptors . we spent a ton of money in the hotel and service from check in to check out was not impressive . to top it all off no hot water in the morning . they conducted a scheduled service on the heating unit with known prior warning . typically a hotel will let you know when booking or at least at check in . not only did they not have hot water but they were not concerned about it .	1859
0	horrible experience . i got a pedicure and a full set . pedicure was rushed lasted 8 mins . the full set is horrible ! the acrylic is way to thick	3333
0	i 'm really not sure how this restaurant has received such high reviews . i 've been to many indian restaurants in the us & in the world ( including in india ) and this is the most overrated place i have been to . the food was very average . seems like a place people go to for the atmosphere . i really do n't understand the high ratings here . i recommend nandini and little india in tempe .	640
0	this is not gelato . this is sorbet . it has no milk . we had four different flavors and threw them all away after a few bites . if you are allergic to dairy this would probably be a great place . we are not lactose intolerant so we prefer gelato over sorbet . i probably would n't be as upset if they did n't advertise themselves as a gelato shop . if you serve ice or sorbet , that 's fine . do n't advertise it as gelato .	499
0	i read the reviews on how rude the owner was but i still decided to give it a shot . well good people she is rude ! i do n't care how good the food is and it is tasty but they do not have to worry about me or my co-worker returning . the eye rolling and when you asked questions the huffing and puffing i am so sorry if i am about to spend my money here and i am bothering you ! yeah , no thanks ! ! !	1868
1	really fun club with great music ! ! workers are really nice as well . come around 10:30-11ish to avoid long lines , especially for coat check ! !	1282
1	ordered via uber eats ... had the carbonara , i was glad they had lunch portions . the pasta was cooked perfectly al dente . and the flavour was amazing . it got super greasy at the bottom , but how can i complain when i knew it was a mix of bacon and cheese . mmmm still thinking about it now ... we also ordered the margherita pizza which i heard was kinda underwhelming . i did n't try this though , i was too satisfied with the pasta .	252
0	oakville does n't really have a huge selection of good mexican food , and the habanero taqueria does n't really do much change that . their barbacoa burrito is the one item you 've got ta try ! it 's the saving grace for this place , that and the exceptionally nice staff .	1474
1	so . good . the food was incredible ! i got the pizza , which was my favorite entree . the cashew cheese is outta this world . the roasted cauliflower rosemary soup is the best soup i 've ever had . i also got to try the mint to be smoothie and it was great ! i got the bbq sliders bc why not and they were very tasty . absolutely perfect overall . the service was quick and fantastic ! i ate alone and my bartender made the whole meal enjoyable from start to finish .	1127
0	poor service . after waiting for nearly 45 minutes , and making it very clear that i am highly allergic to sesame seeds , i received one of the dishes in my order made with sesame seeds . needless to say.. it was taken back and remade , however staff should be more attentive , and quick .	1231
0	tacos chiwas has decent gorditas , but the tacos were unbelievably disappointing , especially given the name of the establishment and its current yelp rating . not only are they tacos small but they 're also dry with very few ingredients in each one . i tried the al pastor taco and tacos chiwas taco and found both to be pretty bad .	270
1	just had lunch here- great service and very fast at making our food ! ! there is always a like here and they always are speedy quick ! ! !	214
1	fast , clean , professional and easy parking . i had a great experience shipping an item back from a trade show at this location .	1878
1	this review is actually for the starbucks counter inside of safeway ! i stop here pretty regularly on my way to work and the wonderful ladies at the counter are always so sweet and delightful { even at 6:30 am ! } . there are about 10 starbucks along my route to work but these ladies have me coming back time after time ! there 's nothing better that kicking off your work day with warm smiles and a delicious starbucks cold brew !	1097
0	business is closed - no longer taking new customers . this business owner gave my information to another cleaning company in town ( without my permission ) that called me hoping to win my business but made a racist comment about hispanic women . are there any professional cleaning companies in las vegas ? jeez !	2944
1	great nail salon and technicians ! salon is very clean and customers service is excellent ! they also send you home with a mini nail care kit ! definitely recommend !	1834
0	stick to ups store fedex stores or other places sorry service was n't great and i do n't suggest anyone should come here . they have hiding fees/ plus its pricey and do n't tell you until they ring you up . i also question the credentials of one of the workers . how can you be licensed to preform services and you are having comprehension issues . i had to tell this person several times the correct information and how to do it . it was still done wrong and i had to go waste money and go somewhere else .	1393
1	every sunday you 'll see this farmers market without fail . it is pretty small , but it has everything you could want . fresh fruits and veggies from local farmers and delicious food that local venders have made . i had trouble finding a parking spot , but it might have just been a coincidence since i have n't had trouble finding parking before . it 's open from 9-12 . you 'll also find people selling their crafts . this is a great little jewel in ahwatukee !	1500
0	the worst service i have ever received in my life . i politely asked for help to install a license plate bulb and was told to `` you tube it '' while the manager kasey was tossing popcorn in his mouth . i walked outside to my vehicle and the covers literally popped right off with a flathead screwdriver . i walked back into the facility and expressed how concerned i was about the poor service and lack of help . on top of all that they gave me the wrong bulbs to replace ! needless to say i will never go back to this place .	3834
0	terrible service . be prepared to wait ! arrived 10 min b4 appt and waited for 30 min without any type of status update . 2 girls at receptionist desk were just chatting away completely ignoring me . i just walked out . my time is important too !	2577
0	i would n't even recommend this place to an enemy , they did a sloppy job on my nails they are uneven and chipped within the first few days ( i got gel polish ) but the thing that was the worst was the girl who was doing my nails came to me while getting my toes done sat an acetone soaked towel on my lap so i smelled just like it when i left and she was on her phone the entire time . for just a polish and a basic pedicure i payed $ 45 . for sure wo n't be back .	786
0	not really much to write about ! they were going course runs out here ! we did n't have to pay i think it was a private event . so we did n't deal with any workers ! just hanging out with people in the club .	2955
0	called 2 weeks ago . left a message with her answering service . no one gets back to me . emailed them and another week goes by and no one replies . finally got them on the phone today ( it is now august 1st ) and there is no availability until november 1st ? if you are looking to get an appointment wit this dr. be prepared to book 3 months away and wait . oh also - her office is only open monday - thursday so be prepared to take off from work to get in after you have waited 3 months .	3200
1	have been here a number of times prior . the usual wfm experience here . best of everything . we actually came for lunch at deli . thanks folks . well done .	433
0	this establishment does not provide complementary water for their guests and then expects $ 6.50 for a bottle of water . no wonder females are being carted off in wheel chairs . maybe i 'll buy a $ 9 beer elsewhere .	2494
1	absolutely amazing juices and cleanses . love the basillion . i do think each individual juice is overpriced for the fact that it is not freshly made and not all organic , but definitely great and unique juice combos .	468
1	this was a great experience . it was my first time at experiencing this particular type of massage ( reflexology ) and it was very relaxing and helped to work out a few of my kinks . not to mention they currently offer a tray $ 40 special for a 1 hour massage plus 30 min foot detox . glad to say , it was worth it ! !	1322
1	so i legit ordered three sammy 's 12 minutes ago and dude knocked on my door already with my food . those commercials do n't lie . i 'm seriously kinda freaked out . how is this possible ? ! ? ! ?	1475
1	wow ! had the philly steak dog and it was amazing . the best hot dog i have had in long time . the auoli sauce was perfect topping to this dog . wish they were in henderson . would eat here all the time ! the staff are friendly and the place is clean . delicious ! !	1566
0	when it first opened , the price was reasonable and the portion size was appropriate for the price . just went in today and they 've changed portion sizes . what is a $ 9.00 bowl is the size is something a 4 year old could eat . i 'm not a huge portion eater so i thought i 'd try it until i was told there is an upcharge to add shrimp . ripoff . place was n't crowded like it used to be . guess they have to raise prices to keep the lights on . i 'm not interested in returning .	209
1	i have using this pharmacy for a few years to receive compounded eye drops ( demecarium bromide ) for my great dane . i find them reliable and efficient and they get them to me in a timely manner .	2827
0	thought i 'd give this salon a try after finding a coupon in the mail . i will not be returning . i got acrylics and the man who did them did a poor job . the staff was friendly , but the nails were horrific . i had to point out an area on one of my nails were he completely missed filling with acrylic . did n't file underneath the nail , did n't request i scrub my nails before putting on clear coat , the acrylic is uneven and bubbling . took me about 20 minutes at home to fix everything . not worth the $ 20 coupon price . you get what you pay for with this place .	1838
1	amazing service and always so helpful and nice ! thank you so much ! i highly recommend nicole beauty they always have everything i need and when it comes to my extensions they are the only place i will go !	2826
1	excellent food , clean and friendly . their level of spice is a little higher than other indian places in the area . medium was more like a spicy of other places . very good flavor though .	1540
1	if you 're craving panang curry , king & i is where it 's at ! ! ... . every dish is exquisite ! ! i absolutely love the late hours as well ... open till 10pm ! ! probably the best thai food in végas ... my happy place !	1361
0	not good disappointing this was my first visit to fuego taco shop . in my opinion the food just is n't very good . on this visit my lunch companion and i ordered the asada and al pastor tacos , we were both very disappointed with our entrees . my lunch companion told me that her pastor tacos were flavorless . to be perfectly honest , the tacos looked flavorless . the carne asada taco consisted of chunks of flavorless beef in a warm tortilla and the tortilla did n't look very appealing . the tacos just did not have a lot of flavor , were slightly overcooked , and just had a strange unappetizing taste . the food just was n't very good .	593
0	had new wheels and tires installed and within 3 weeks it fell off while driving ! luckily no one was injured . but they will not take responsibility ! beware beware update ... . pepboys will not pay for any damages and do not feel responsible . so they are working on vehicles involving safety features and not caring about the lives of the people who pay for the work ! amazing that no one was hurt ! but sad that my teenager worked so hard for this truck and now has $ 4000 damages that he has to pay ! ! this should never happen ! ! !	2960
1	after reading that dry cleaning chemicals are one of the worst things out there , i decided to make me and my family go to a green cleaner . we tried this place out and have stuck with them ever since . they get the work done good and quick and are a friendly family operated business .	1596
1	we moved to vegas from california and need a place to stay for 5 weeks until the construction of our house is done . we checked in here a day after thanksgiving after a horrible experience at emerald suites ! brandon the receptionist that day is so helpful and even let us check the room before booking.this place is clean , has the basic necessities and very close to everything ! we can cross the street to the outlet mall ! ! ! we are here for 4 more weeks and thankful every day that we found this gem ! ! !	2695
1	dr. garcia is wonderful . we 've been taking our son there since he was born . she is very thorough and caring . i would definitely recommend her to my friends . i will say the wait times can be extremely unpredictable . work on getting people in and out ! thank you !	2461
0	the bartenders here just do n't care . shame on me for sitting around waiting to be noticed . love how the manager sees me and does n't even wince at my level of patience . no hello no thank you no nothing . warm and friendly as a bitter scorned ex gf . worse is that i manage a restaurant on the same property . the whole union mentality kills the opportunity to be better . this sense of entitlement makes my job harder and even more difficult to enjoy a damn beer .	2494
0	the burger sounded great on the menu . but when it came out it looked sad . like really sad . i would not recommend ordering the burgers .	369
1	first time ordering from wing time . had food delivered during knights game . wings and fries arrived hot ! ! ! buffalo and louis n ana sauce ; both very good . wings were good size too . yummy .	1397
0	quite concerned about stars this company has been receiving . not only did we receive poor customer service , but we were also faced with the company 's inability to comply with its contractual obligations , unsatisfactory and partial performance by its employee ( kevin ) , and the company 's inability to provide relief to damages caused to the property by the employee . this company does not deserve the praise that they have been receiving and this should serve as a warning to those considering using its services . legal action will be taken in order to recover damages .	2130
0	first room , which the clerk had promoted on the phone as a comfy suite for 2 couples , was inadequate . the sofa bed was awful and we demanded a change . the 2nd room was adequate with the caveat that the inner shower curtain was off the hooks , which made for a memorable bathing experience .	952
0	so over priced for absolutely terrible food , so many better places in the valley for indian food .	1497
0	prices are great . but the lady behind the counter was rude . told me she was insulted . when i said i do my own nails cause its cheaper . i have been a licensed cosmetologist for 18 years . had to bite my tongue cause i had my daughter with me . i 'll be going across the street for now on .	2182
0	great gym , great classes but will never get a membership there again , they do n't give a crap what happens in your life when it comes to their monthly fees .	2699
0	we arrived today at 11am and were told that the wait was 10mins . 30 mins later and we were finally seated . it 's been 40 mins now and we still do n't have any of our food . the table next to us arrived 15 mins after we sat and they are now eating . unbelievably bad service and only a weak apology are n't going to cut it . this will be the last time i ever eat here .	975
0	bartender nice and friendly the girls are pushy and kinda ugly ... one beer was 11 plus tip what a fn ripoff place	1779
1	this is my go-to place when i am having car troubles ! pulled in at 7am wednesday morning with a huge screw in my tire and i was out the door in 15 minutes ! super friendly and helpful staff ! thank you ! !	3379
0	the bald guy with the glasses clearly does not enjoy his job as he was rude and impolite . he worked super slow and had a grimace on his face the whole time , you could clearly see he was `` overjoyed '' to be working behind the counter .	3154
1	very nice . let us in just before closing and they were still very cool about it . long time customer . employees were very helpful , friendly and sincere . helped with finding coupons . good sales . great people .	1743
0	do n't waste your time or money ! ! i went there wanting some good burgers and good beer and while the menu looked appetizing , the food was very bland . maybe they should change the name as tap house is misleading . the beer selection was underwhelming and less than most bars in madison . i know there is n't much on the far west side but there has to be better than this ! ? !	957
1	i come to this starbucks everyday before going to work and every single worker there is extraordinary , in specific the girl with the pastel rainbow hair ( not sure what her name is ; / ) but i just wanted to say to keep it up : )	3396
0	had the seafood butcher cut up a fish head for me at 7:50pm . got home , realized he sold me fish that was already going bad ... returned it and the customer service lady said it was the hot summer weather that caused a bunch of the fish to go bad and smell . if she knew that and if the guy in the back could smell the fish , i have no idea why they were still selling it ... i did n't want to get into an argument but i was going to tell her `` the temperature on the outside of the refrigerator has no relation to the temperature inside of the fridge . ''	3269
0	very bad . i ordered to go for my 8 , 10 years old boys . i asked several times to make a sure burger needs to be medium well for kids . patty not even cook well . rare~~ . boys could n't eat at all . throw away $ 20 burger . $ 5 in n out is much more better . never go there again	964
0	just got off the phone with the receptionist , she was incredible rude and short with me . will find someone else .	676
1	i had my lexus serviced here and could n't have been more pleased and thankful for how helpful and professional ryan and the other mechanics were . i 'll definitely be back .	988
0	update : i called the store and was on hold long enough to get dressed , get in my car , drive to the store , and still be on hold . absolutely ridiculous . if you ask when shipments come in you get every day of the week as an answer , yet yet they never seem to have the product when you do come in on the confirmed shipment date .	3192
0	bon ... nous avons été oubliés pendant plus de 30 minutes , avant qu'une serveuse s'occupe de nous . le service laissait grandement à désirer , surtout quand on doit demander plus de trois fois la même chose avant de l'obtenir . le sourire ne semble pas être la marque de commerce de ce restaurant . la nourriture était bonne ( pas à se jeter par terre ) et la présentation agréable . les quantités convenables quand on partage . bref , un endroit qui gagnerait à améliorer son service .	1537
0	well good luck trying to find a seat . i hate the assigned seating . usually if you show up 50 minutes before a movie you will get decent seats . not here , you have to buy tickets online 6-7 hours before your showing and get stuck paying a transaction fee . i was excited to get a location closer to buckeye , looks like i 'll continue to go to other theatres .	564
0	i think the froyo wasnt really that good the flavour wasnt really special and the taste of the froyo wasnt really rich ( pretty plain ) they have more toppings than menchies but menchies has better froyo . i personally dont like the toppings much cuz everytime i go there the toppings are mostly chocolate or cookies..price is standard for frozen yogurt . this yogurty 's has more toppings but some other yogurtys has really less . the place was clean and comfortable if you sit there and eat .	3729
0	the worst mothers day brunch ever ! the food was over cook , either burnt or dry ... . the sausage was a heat and serve style and the inside was cold ! the set up in the back was to cramped for all of the people in the restaurant ! horrific ... ..	714
1	absolutely delicious . chicken tenders and fries are great . menu is similar to canes but in my opinion is better than canes because pdq 's offers buffalo sauce . i hate mayo which is a main ingredient in cane 's sauce so it 's nice to have options .	998
0	really wanted to have a better experience at this location as it 's super close to where i live , but unfortunately it did not meet my expectations . to start off the seating for pedicures gets uncomfortable really fast throughout the service that felt rushed . it was actually painful during the cuticle work , something that never bothered me at other salons . giving them 2 stars because the end result looked good ( like others ) and lasted as it should .	876
1	i do n't have vision insurance and a local optometrist quoted $ 250 for one pair of glasses with a basic prescription ( +0.75 ) for my 9 year old son . we came here and found a nice selection of designer and sport frames , and got two complete pair of frames and lenses for less than the first optometrist had quoted for one . when we were ready to finalize our order the manager reviewed it and had us remove an add-on i had requested that is good for adults , but not good for a kid wearing glasses for the first time .	403
0	the car wash was not so good today . i paid for an additional service and it was not performed .	2198
0	it 's laughable how little fish they put in their poke . i built my own large bowl with salmon , tuna ( + $ 0.25 ) and albacore tuna ( +0.25 ) . there was only around 100 grams of fish in the entire bowl . for approximately the same price , the large bowls at north poke always have more than 200 grams of fish . the taste was also unimpressive . hoki poke has got to be the worst out of all the poke places around .	2719
0	$ 10 admission for kids tournaments and the acs do n't even work ! it felt cooler in the 111 degrees outside than it did inside this facility today . outrageous admission , you would expect a cool and comfortable environment for the price you pay to get inside . on top of that , selling warm water in an already sauna of a gym . totally unsafe .	3837
1	thank you kathy klapach ! we love rita 's italian ice and appreciate your community support .	2162
1	order through postmates and this was by far one of the best desert ideas . who does n't want fresh hot cookies with a pint of ice cream and some mille at 1am . . we had the og chocolate cookie and the fruity pebble cookie with double strawberry ice cream for the win ! it was amazing . twice baked	1522
1	aaron is best cashier this side of town fast and friendly	3107
0	had cupcakes from this place twice- on each occasion i tried at least 2 flavors . in my honest opinion you should save your money and go pick up some grocery store cupcakes . i hate to give a bad review but it is so hard not to considering the product they specialize in is n't that great . my husband prefers my box cupcakes over these . they are expensive to me at almost 3 bucks per cupcake ... i could live with that if they were good . the flavor is okay , nothing out of this world . the cake part is really dry . was so hoping to like this place but i do n't .	2013
1	took my friend for a french manicure . very friendly staff , fair price , and excellent service . ty is very professional .	1716
0	do n't list a closing time of 2 if you 're going to cancel orders placed at 1 . with awful management like this i 'm kind of glad the pizza did n't come . do n't waste your time ordering from here .	543
1	i 've ordered so many roses for the love of my life over the last few years and many of my orders from 1-800-flowers i know go through az florist which i believe is this place based on the card information . great flowers , wonderful pricing . the challenges i have had not from this place but the confusing service and time lag of the 1-800-flowers system of communication . my love one is always happy with her roses !	38
1	love costco ! ! hard to get outta that place without spending 10x why you planned on spending .	1102
1	full catering menu available with delivery ! ? groceries delivered to your door ! ? cooking classes , and an event room with kitchen you can rent ! great addition to campus .	1914
1	great house margs , and a very good price . came in for tacos on a tuesday ( no taco tuesday specials but that 's totally fine ) . i enjoyed my food ! ground beef taco , cheese enchilada and pinto beans . it was not memorable to me , but certainly was a very tasty meal at the moment . great service !	1346
0	super understaffed . literally could not find anyone for the life of me , one cashier ... tons of people in line . super slow ! ! ! also so many more coupons at michaels ! ! ! ! michaels usually has 40 % -60 % off coupons on their website , jo anns does not have any . michaels 100 % has a better selection , more workers and cheaper prices with coupons . jo anns : please hire more people its like a ghost town in here .	3943
0	i usually love this doctor 's office but i have never been shamed for wanting an anitbiotic for a sinus infection like i was at my last visit . i felt so talked down to for needing an antibiotic . then when i called with question left a non urgent medical message i never got a call back . i sadly will be looking for a new doctor 's office .	1562
1	hands down the best acrylic overlay manicure and pedicure i have ever ever gotten . ty ( pronounced t ) is incredibly quick yet meticulous . her work is flawless and above all others , and i have been getting my nails done for nearly 10 years or more . the pedicure was out of this world . they have gained a customer for life .	3603
0	this is the worse whole foods i have ever been to . the cleanliness is disgusting and is discouraging to my appetite . i 'm from portland , or and i guess it must be a culture thing . the service makes me uncomfortable , and the hot foods prepared all look like they have been frozen . the deli section is awful and the do n't clean the display fridges . it was very disappointing to visit las vegas and go to a whole foods with such a lack of high standards .	433
0	all members notice this , you are a none membership contract and pay first and last month when sign up . when i canceled my membership because complain of sanitation issues in steam room and sauna room , they not take care of it and one of the club manager kick me out , and they never refund my money for my last month they keep because they just pay 2 days for that month after cancel , so they still keeping my last month pay when i join in , hope all members notice this , and that how they run their business . watch a video in fb or utube mountainside fitness manager kick out club member because complain of sanitation issues	2699
0	we 've been taking our son to mesa peds for 11 months . overall , the doctors have given us good treatment for routine checkups for our son . however , the first time we needed to use their services for a cold/ear infection , the service from the front desk staff was terrible and in many ways unacceptable . the staff had an attitude when asked basic questions regarding call backs from the nurse . it appears that the office was busy that day and the doctor never sent the prescription to the pharmacy . their after hours service to try to get our prescription was the worse i had yet . we are definitely considering to change offices .	3893
0	always slow . costs way more than any other starbucks . my ham and cheese croissant this morning was frozen in the middle i was very upset as i got all the way to the room and then had to come back to get a new one the sad part is this is the only starbucks close by on fremont street the next morning you can walk to with your pajamas on they really should get it together	683
1	my appointment here today went very smoothly . i tried this place due to a groupon deal and they were very professional and organized upon check-in . i waited about 10 min before being taken in for my treatment and the doctor i saw was quick and made the procedure almost painless . the waiting room was kind of sparse in decor , no beverages or new magazines so i do n't think it reaches 5 -star level but i would definitely return . also their b-12 shots are only $ 10 - the best deal i 've seen anywhere !	3215
1	been going to bailey 's for the last six months . it 's an older crowd during the day , but at night and on the weekends the crowd id much younger ! bartenders are all friendly and the drinks are cheap , though they could be stronger . i highly recommend it !	2894
1	we eat here at least twice a week , my friends and i may have a problem ... you only need to know two words : louisiana . rub . that is all .	1395
1	delicious food , good prices . this is actually a great place to get quick lunch or dinner . chicken shawarma plate is the best i had in a while . i like that chicken is all white meat , no fat pieces as in other places . their hummus and falafel is very good , as well . and they have so many salad choices . located close to subway on yonge .	1206
1	pancakes were excellent , sammy and his daughter were delightful . my boyfriend and i both ordered breakfast specials and our total was only 17.77 ! great food for a fantastic price . they now accept visa and mastercard as payment ! ! side note- they stop serving specials at 10:30 , so be sure to get there before then to enjoy pancakes or french toast !	990
1	great service with exceptional meals ! the calamari was cooked to perfection . the veal chop with tiger shrimp and veggies was amazing . the service was amazing . i do n't think i ever poured my own wine once . would highly recommend .	163
1	come here lots before i fly out . food comes out fast and beers come out faster . perfect place to come crush a pint of two before you fly out !	604
0	they overbooked and told me on arrival at 1am that they had no room . i had a reservation with guaranteed late arrival . in addition , i called on the drive to the hotel and told them i 'd be late and they promised me it would not be an issue . despicable . they simply resold my room because it is the start of tiff and they probably got a few hundred more . they do n't care about their guests . do n't stay here . i 'm sure there are good hotel chains that understand what the word `` reservation '' means .	73
0	not real friendly female optometrist . staff just okay . they added $ 25 to my quoted contact lens exam price since it was a `` refitting ' . i was a new patient there so ca n't see how that could be . sketchy . they also used a different brand so that when i ordered them online , since it was over $ 100 less , i could n't use the mail in rebate since i did n't buy them from a doctor 's office . i never had that problem with acuvue lenses , no matter where i bought them .	1865
0	labyrinthine and dingy . the room was dim with a tiny bathroom . cell service and wi-fi barely worked including my free diamond hhonors password . tv 's in the fitness center equipment did not work properly . parking is a disaster . better places to stay like the hampton inn across the street .	1741
0	this has been the most frustrating experience with trying to receive my order from this company . we ordered a bed off of amazon from this company and have yet to see it . its been more then a month and the original arrival date was two weeks ago . i have contacted them several times and have gotten nowhere except for a threat to cancel my order . i use amazon often but i will be sure to avoid this company in the future .	3854
0	management : you claimed that you needed the proper paperwork and that i did not return it to you . correction i asked for the paper work in may , got charged in june . requested paperwork again then did n't retrieve the email . then finally the 3rd time requested email . so yes you did not receive my `` proper paperwork '' due to this matter . also keep in mind they still managed to screw up my name in the system as well as having no notes of our conversation that i had with 2 managers .	528
1	met the owner ( brandy ? ) when i was out riding usery . she was setting up a bunch of bikes as part of a charitable event that they put on for under-privileged kids . ( 1st reason i think they are awesome ) . a friend of mine rode up and started chatting with us . brandy noticed he did n't have a helmet and offered to lend him one she had in the trailer . she told him just to drop it off at any of their stores whenever it was convenient . how awesome is that ! good old fashion concern and trust for someone she does n't know while she is giving back to the community .	3775
0	i stood in the line of one while the cashier and older lady talked and talked and talked to her customer till i wanted to scream . i get being nice to customers but it gets to a point where it becomes ridiculous . after standing in line for what felt like an eternity as i waited for the bs to cease oh and then a manager approval for a price reduction i gave up and left . big box stores can not afford to have customers walk out	1638
1	this is my favorite place to go to for vietnamese food . i love their spring rolls with peanut sauce . also , my go to dish is bún tht nng ( vermicelli noodle salad with pork/crispy roll . food served quickly , great flavor , and friendly staff .	784
0	strange experience , employees do n't seem to like their boss and i was terrified i would n't get the dress in time despite paying $ 60 for expedited shipping . they did n't return my call when i called to check on it . got the dress in time and looks right , but i would n't come back .	1298
1	who does n't love a old school casino with go-go dancers right by the roulette wheel ! we had never played roulette before and the dealer was very patient and helped us through the process . we definitely did n't get rich but we had a great time and they were really good about keeping the crown & cokes coming while we were betting . we will be back next trip .	3630
1	i 've been to several bed bath & beyond stores in the valley and this by far has the most helpful people . i wanted to make a special reference to the girl at the checkout , rose , who was very sweet , kind , and helpful . she is a great asset . needless to say i will be back	1884
0	went for lunch today and ordered kung pao chicken . possibly the worst i have ever had . no taste , too much celery , and in a brownish sauce . fried rice and hot n sour soup were ok. wo n't do this again .	1103
0	have been here before for their teppanyaki and it was delicious . the portion sizes are great and the service at the teppanyaki was friendly . however , they have started with an ayce and decided to give that a try . after being seated we waited 20 . no one came to say hello , offered us a drink or take our order . other tables were being served that arrived after us and received drinks and their orders taken . we were the forgotten table . we were hungry , fed up and left . never again !	516
0	i just bought a iced coffee and a suasage egg and cheese on a crossaint . both were super gross . first the coffee was mixed well so i could feel the sugar in my mouth . the crossaint was burnt and tasted like plastic . this location is terrible , if i could give it 0 stars , i would .	1770
0	no high chairs . how can a restaurant be open for several months and advertise as kid friendly but not have one high chair in the whole place ? ! unreal .	308
1	had a great experience at today nails . foot massage was amazing as well as a gel manicure . i would recommend this place to visitors and locals . ask for lou , ivy , ben , or kevin . there was no wait for services and everyone was so kind !	2686
1	i really like this place . it 's small but cute and the two tofu dishes they have ( hibachi and teriyaki , if i recall correctly ) are very good and huge portions .	1014
1	i do n't understand how anyone could write a bad review ! ! ! this place was amazing ! ! we even let them know that we thought it was better than senor frog ( which is very good ) .kudos ! !	623
0	they are really easy to work with but a bit over priced ! ! i just found out other companies would have had my loan paid off by now but borrowing payments just keep going on and on with hardly no end in site ... my friend used other companies in phoenix who are paid off paying less than i have each month ... just fyi ... . they are really nice though : )	3404
1	it 's located in the chevron gas station lot . quick and easy . done in less than 2 minutes . $ 25 for smog . the guy was pleasant enough . the end .	2208
1	this place is fantastic . it 's a true family-run restaurant and they really care . try the platter for two - it 's a mountain of food . it comes with 3 types of schnitzel , sausage , red cabbage and rice . prices are very reasonable . on some evenings they have a band playing traditional gypsy music . you can almost imagine you 're in rural europe , even if you 're suck in richmond hill .	625
1	maybe i 've just been lucky , but this location always has a really nice guy taking our order and it 's never been messed up . we always order everything vegetarian with beans instead of meat and this is the only location that 's never `` accidentally '' given us meat in our food . 3 other taco bell locations near here and one in henderson all put meat in our food and ruined our appetite for that day . kudos to this one for always being speedy and getting our order right !	859
0	i waited 30 minutes for a coffee . this was ridiculous . the lady making my coffee severed a call in order before mine . i 'm pretty sure i ordered one of the most simple coffees on the menu but it still took them forever . i would n't recommend going to this restaurant also because the customer service was mediocre at best . did n't like it .	2516
1	my new fave bbt place . had the sesame red bean slush , light sugar level . you can taste the flavours of roasted sesame ... had cheesecake to go with it as well ! afternoon special : 3-5:30pm , half priced drink with any cheesecake purchase . ordered popcorn chicken and it was tasty as expected . service was great , no complaints ! loved how cozy and comfortable it felt in there , ca n't wait for my nexr visit to try the snow ice and shaved ice : )	176
1	amazing job . ramsey took care of my bmw in an hour . the result is even better than expected . he was fast to answer my calls/texts . showed up at my house the next day . chips and scratches are gone . he would tell you if he can do something or not . honest and nice , i recommend his services to anybody who 'd like to give his car a second life . thank you	2888
1	i booked my appointment at natural solutions and had jewel as my junior hair stylist . i was very happy with how she cut my hair and the time she took to give me a really nice blow out . she is very friendly , a good conversationalist , & gave me advice on how i can start blowdrying my hair because i had told her i did n't know how to do it .	1430
1	we had and amazing experience thanks to marshal , carli and hanna were amazing and very knowledgeable and extremely helpful . every puppy deserves a home no matter where they come from or how they are acquired as long as they are in a good loving home . thanks guys our pups are healthy and in a wonderful home .	1894
1	still a fan ! just updating a review to add a quick tip : avoid going in on saturdays or sundays . it is so busy , they just go through clients like it 's a gas station . in , out , get your fill , get the heck out . once i had a stylist that was n't my regular one and she let me walk out with damp hair . not cool when you only came in for a wash and blow dry . so do n't come as the last appointment of the night ( cuz they want to go home ) , and do n't come on a week-end !	2509
0	i have been going here for approximately 20 years , and considered it one of the top 5 mexican food restaurants in the valley . no more . when i went tonight the first thing i noticed that 20-25 % of the menu was blacked out , particularly the part about the flavorings in the dishes served . and it was true , the food is now bland . and the service is now atrocious . my friend , who also goes there with me frequently , also agreed the restaurant has taken a turn for the worse . when i questioned our server she replied , `` we are going through changes. `` definitely will never return or recommend this to my friends .	1346
0	this place has been in decline since it opened . relatives from out of town stayed here last year and said it was terrible , no maintenance , not clean and the service was very bad . i will recommend another place to family and friends .	2866
0	the drive through line is always wrapped around the building . the line inside moves at a glacial pace . i have to confirm 3 times and they still do n't get it right . seriously , wth are you guys doing in there .	606
1	i have been coming to family doctors of green valley for about 4 months for their medical weight loss program . i am very satisfied with my care and jaimie takes very good care of me for my weekly visits . she always has a smile on her face and always willing to answer all of my questions and concerns .	297
1	i really love the sandwiches and the service at philly 's famous , you get the feeling that ( most of ) the staff actually wants you to enjoy your meal . i will say there is room for improvement on the fries , but they 're not bad by any means . any place with a flat top can make a cheesesteak , but the quality of the steak itself and the bread separate the winners from the losers ... and philly 's famous is a winner in my book !	777
1	went in an bought a thruxton 900 , mark and all his staff are super friendly and extremely helpful in answering all my questions overall it was a great experience . i am looking forward to seeing which motorcycle is next , definitely coming back .	94
1	these guys are the best ! they are so nice and so helpful whenever i frequent their store . i took my bike of 18 years in for repair and it works like brand new now ! thank u thank u thank u !	1946
0	unless you want your veins blown in both arms , do n't let the arogant , narcissistic white guy in the back poke you . this place wasted my time , twice .	1753
1	we went to two different restaurants trying to house a party of 12 . no go ca n't help you . these guys are bending over backwards . they rock . samples , friendly service , managers coming over several times to see how we were . and the funnel cakes were to die for . we will be back ! ! ! !	144
0	i would give a 0 if i could . been waiting for this special order for weeks and it 's gone take longer than 5 weeks which stated it would take for them to make the request . bs .	2071
0	answered the phone hello like i was bothering her . had to ask if i had the business . called this place to see about an oil change . the lady on the phone was so rude . still do n't know if they do oil changes , nor do i care now .	3453
1	i 've only been there twice during the afternoon but both times was quite pleasant . it 's definitely a dive . but i enjoyed myself . only reason it got 4 instead of 5 is there was a pup there that liked me a little too much and would n't leave me alone but once the owner of the dog saw they took care of the situation promptly .	850
0	nice atmosphere and service was good . my low rating is due to food quality and options . everything was adequate , but not worth it for the price . it seemed as though everything was overly salted instead of properly seasoned . also , more vegetarian/vegan options would be appreciated .	632
0	the owners sister gave me a pedicure . she was wonderful and did a great job . the website said $ 20 for a pedicure and so did the price board in the salon . the gal who did my pedicure charged me $ 20 but ... as my toes were drying the owner came over and said i owed her $ 23 . i told her i already paid and the price says $ 20 . she said it 's more on fridays and her sister did n't know . ruined the whole experience	2121
0	we must have caught the owner ( that everyone raves about on here ) on an off night . after about 15 minutes of waiting for someone to take our drink order , we asked the hostess if we could get a server to our table . after another ten minutes of waiting we asked again and someone finally came . not ideal with two hungry kids at dinner time . on the plus side , the sushi was very good and hibachi chef was entertaining .	890
1	this place has a really nice modern aesthetic . i got the pesto toscano pizza and it was pretty good . the pizza crust is thick yet airy , with just the right amount of crunch on the exterior . the pizza would have been 5 stars if it were n't for the olives they used . i usually like olives but these olives were wayyyy too strong for the pizza . they overpowered all other flavors and that was disappointing because it was a great pizza otherwise . i would probably spring for the margherita next time .	252
1	used the salon services here for my daughter 's prom . victoria in the salon listened to everything my daughter wanted for her prom `` updo '' , and victoria nailed it ! ! she was fantastic ! i have never been compelled to write a review before , but felt the service we received warranted this review . we also were able to get makeup done at sephora here , which was amazing as well . overall great experience .	3633
0	last night we had a reservation at 6:15 . by 6:35 we had not even had so much as a hello from a wait staff . we did , however , get water from a bus girl . we left - feeling disappointed . went next door for mexican instead . it was packed - and we did not see a single table get waited on in 20 minutes . gave up !	600
0	i absolutely love the food here . it 's one of my favorite sub restaurants . however , the delivery service is terrible . i always order when i 'm at work , which is in the pv mall . it regularly takes a half an hour for food to be delivered , with my max wait time having broken an hour once or twice . there 's nothing freaky fast about the delivery service at all .	1340
0	by far the filthiest gym environment i 've ever been in the equipment has n't been wiped off in years and the high dusting is so thick and full of contaminants it 's ridiculous for a place where people go to to try to get healthy to be put in a position to breathe such filthy air is just plain irresponsible i 've brought it to the attention of management on more than one occasion and it falls on deaf ears owners in upper management should be ashamed of themselves there is no excuse for how bad it is i get that it 's a low-cost alternative but there 's no excuse for filthy	2919
0	absolutely shocked by the rude customer service . very condescending and not at all helpful over the phone . truly a shame , since they appear to have a decent product . the person i spoke to claimed to be the owner . honestly a shockingly bad phone experience . i would not even consider ordering from this florist .	2585
1	two febuary 's in a row , win a little relax in great comfort , have a great experience and a whole lot different then the hotel style , traveled around the area and had some good luck , met good people , saw some wonderful real estate , good enough to make me leave cali , maui got some competion , love the mountain views from everywhere , will be back again and again	1057
0	this place is terrible . i left there with on significantly thicker eyebrow and one super thin one . i went there once and had a good experience , so i thought this was my new spot . the three times after that were a disaster . as i mentioned asymmetrical eyebrows which was a mess , but on top of that i always noticed a bunch of missed stray hairs all over when i would get in the car . so ridiculous and expensive . do n't go here . i drive all the way to phx now for my eyebrows and it is so worth it . this is your face your paying for !	2986
0	total wine is for the total white . racist staff and unsatisfactory customer service . better off just going to wal-mart for better service .	3199
0	went today , shoutout to the girl who was wrapping my burrito and decided to announce how sick she was and thought it was funny . disgusting . thoroughly upset with quality of food and service ... poor job moes	828
0	the air conditioner in our room sounded like a bunch of harley davidson bikes driving by . the bed was n't very comfortable . the coffee was weak . the staff , however , is very kind . we 've stayed in many hampton inns and this is one of the worst experiences we 've had .	3802
1	the cost is not for the feint of heart - but the food is fit for a maharaja , have a great evening and treat yourself to the chefs tasting menu . not typical presentations or traditional preparations set origin india apart from usual indian fare . some may be disappointed in this . the bartender makes a wild selection of great martinis .	600
1	we went there on a friday night for dim sum . really delicious and fresh green beans , pan fried chicken dumplings , and beef samosas . we could n't get enough of the green beans . service is good enough , and ambiance is urr , `` fusion '' , but that does n't matter . we will be back for the food .	113
0	after visiting the website , my daughter and i booked a birthday party with sweets unlimited for the $ 30 per person price exactly as described on the website . just received a call that the party is now $ 50 per person . very disappointed and would never do business with them . false advertising .	782
1	crisp , yeast crusts minimalist decor byob ! fab pizza wi thoughtful ingredients- simple is better such a cool owner chef try ! ! of the earth	754
0	unfortunately , i found nothing good from this place . the musubi fell apart and i could taste it 's from dry leftover rice . the magic boba is n't boba at all . the french donut is probably the only good thing but it took them more than 20 minutes to get my order of 3 items and i 'm the only customer in the store .	215
1	love the mimo salad ... great servers , awesome patio , right on college st .	240
0	this place really sucks ... i bought a groupon for a massage.. i called , texted , emailed to try and make an appointment never got a straight answer to when it was available . . she said they do n't open evenings , and on here says the open from 8 to 8 , she texed me they open at 11 and close at 2 30pm.. what kind of business is this.. why do you sale groupons if you are not going to be professionals when it comes to `` availability ''	3079
1	best deal of the day : killer shake ( see picture ) . big enough to satisfy your sugar cravings in its 35 oz mug !	534
1	downtown toronto near entertainment district . lots of construction nearby and the king street pilot project affecting traffic . several close parking lots . the inside is `` dated '' according to hubby but i found it cool . coat check , kitchen , bars , several little areas that can be sectioned off ... ..attended a fundraiser here and various food stalls were in the different areas . great sound from the dj . i did not see the washrooms or the terrace .	2873
0	would not recommend ! ! first time trying since the remodel . the place was maybe half full on a wednesday evening , service was awful , food was so-so . truthfully , could 've gotten a better burger & better service at 5 guys ! it took 45 minutes to get our food ! ! i could see if they were slammed but they were n't ... . too bad because i prefer to support local businesses ... : (	1253
0	beware of this cleaner ! their management and ethics are simply terrible . i took my brand new calvin klein dress , only worn once , my new favorite , to have drycleaned and they broke the teeth on the zipper . the guy behind the counter ( manager ? ) refused to give any restitution . i did receive a response to this post weeks later saying that they would send my dress out to receive a new zipper . so much time had passed that i did not keep the dress . i posted back that i would like the money for the dress but never did get a response . therefore , my one star remains . read more	1719
1	i was very happy with my experience at the costco car wash. for $ 7.99 i got a decent drive-through car wash . the guy who was at the start of the car wash even offered to let me go back through the wash if it did n't get all the bugs off my windshield the first time . i 've found my new car wash spot !	1102
0	way way way overpriced . they did n't even know what tattoos both of us wanted and hey we 're charging $ 300 for the both of us when we wanted the smallest tattoos possible . no recommended at all . the worst . just trying to make money in a tourist area . horrible .	665
0	i thought this place was really nice and clean until i witnessed employees allow a woman and her dog in the establishment , they litterally walked through the shop , one of the workers even pet the dog while handling tools and servicing a customer.talk about disgusting and unsanitary ! ! ! ! i will not be back ! ! ! !	1256
1	jan arrived took jake right in and turned my 3 year old aussie into a prince ! i am amazed how beautiful he looked and relaxed after his grooming session . last time he was at the groomers he came home , cowering and clingy . after his visit with jan he was frisky and ready to play . he was clean , fluffy and well trimmed . his nails and feet were trimmed to perfection . i will definitely recommend her to all my doggy parent friends and use her services again . jan is very busy but called me back within 24 hours and worked with my schedule . very positive experience and best of all my dog was happy .	807
1	really nice staff . they are very helpful , and reviewed my bill . i was able to add additional channels and my bill went down by a couple bucks ! thanks for the awesome treatment guys !	664
1	our 2 older grandsons have b-days 10 days apart . for their present-my husband and i `` kidnap '' them in the morning and take them out for breakfast and then a museum . the first year we did the great kids museum , but the last 2 years we 've gone here . they love it ! it 's good for all ages , we even learn and try new things ! i do n't know about anyone else-but we were there almost 3 hours . the boys b-days are coming up the end of the month and they 've already requested to go to the science ctr again-they 'll be 8 & 9 .	3891
0	got carry out after a long day and ordered a crave big box i ordered all items in the meal with chicken instead of the normal beef paste . when i got one and finally sat down to rest and eat ... only one item had chicken in it , the rest were still beef . i 'm all for raising minimum wage , but the quality of work needs to be worth the cost . now i have to drive back in to get the rest of my meal . this is the second taco bell that has messed this up this month .	1341
0	i will never go back . the food was old and cold . the bathroom was so nasty , i refused to use it . i was sick after eating there , i threw up all night . if i could give this this restaurant a 0 , i would ! ! ! ! horrible place .	1212
0	this is n't a renaissance festival , its a flea market where people dress up . real renaissance festivals at least try to be historically acurate . they do n't mix centuries of dress , continents , etc . they do n't have guilds of people in body paint acting like amature bdsm wannabes . its expensive , ( to eat and drink all day . admission is n't much ) and the entertainment is laughable . if you want to go to a real ren faire , save up a little extra money and go to the southern california ren faire .	2665
1	we ate here last night for dinner . i have eaten at a lot of chinese restaurants in town out of town and out of the country . this was the best chinese food i have had yet . my husband had the chow fun without sauce and it was amazing . i ate the lobsters with green onion and ginger . it was cooked perfectly , sauce was excellent and just the right amount . the service was fantastic . i am defiantly going back . best chinese restaurant in town hands down . if this is the food you want this is the place to go ! ! !	561
0	on a scale of 1-10 i give this event a 4 . it was $ 15 a person to get in which was cash only . the people working the event and attending the event are super rude . i was n't dressed in the renaissance attire , just every day clothes and i was treated so poorly by everyone who was dressed in their renaissance attire . so over all it 's over priced for entrance , food , and drinks . also , the people there are mean . so boo .	2665
1	such a great experience , it gets super busy here on saturdays because of their $ 20 piercing deal , but it 's well worth the wait . taylor is so friendly and very professional with her work . she made me feel very comfortable . i would highly recommend this place ! : )	2764
0	horrible training of staff in the office . i knew i could only sign my kid up for one month and asked what do i need - the staff said that 's fine just fill out the regular paperwork . no problem . well i was charged for a second month i can not use . the manager of billing told me sorry you need to give a 30 day notice- which i did when i signed up .	1427
1	we get the pork belly table bbq every time ! the value is really good and good portion for 2 . the side dishes are good and they refill them if you ask . the soup that came with the combo is really nice and i recommend to choose the tofu soup .	1290
0	i was going to the chandler office ( 2015 to 2016 ) for andropause after seeing dr. derosa on tv . i received testosterone injections . my provider quit without notice . i did not like who replaced her so i went to another provider . armed with all my derosa lab-work my new provider could n't believe how high derosa let my estrogen get . they did n't address elevated estrogen , common on testosterone therapy and easy to prevent . the new place put me on an estrogen blocker and intermittent hcg to prevent testicular shutdown and atrophy .	303
0	1 star for not having french fries as a side . all of their sides are awful but not having fries in a sandwich shop is just an example of a lazy business owner who did n't want to shell out the money for a deep fryer . off to miracle mile for a real sandwich .	432
0	they send me coupons..yet everytime i try to buy something with them they say it 's excluded ... . never will they get a dime of my money again ! ! !	2479
0	eh ... no frills event building in a strip mall . most people working that i interacted with were just fine . the one thing i notice they need to be clear about is when the doors open and when bands take the stage . in both cases they advertise inconsistently between tickets and online ads and the venue 's online schedule . sound was eh ... could hear sound bleeding into the venue i was in from the one next door . not sure i would want to make the trip again to see an event in this place .	17
0	just got take out . not good . almond fried chicken was n't correct . fried rice tasted old . egg rolls were stringing with some type of leafy , lettuce vegetables and over fried . sweet and sour chicken was okay . first timer . not going back !	1264
1	overwhelming selection , but that 's a good thing ! it was nice to be able to cruise the showroom and not feel like i was being stalked by some ninja salesperson .	2071
1	same regency cleaners staff and locations , just new business name , ownership with more focus placed on a more environment friendly product and more current style . no price changes . hoping to see an improvement from previous ownership . i know the staff makes great efforts to provide customer care and service . in the past i watched some good employees walk away and i am certain it was because of upper management aka previous owners .	2374
1	the chow fun noodles with shrimp are outstanding . this little asian restaurant reminds me of my favorite place in china town , san francisco . liking forward to going back .	779
1	if you 're looking for just a place to sleep for a great deal off the strip , i recommend this hotel . this was formerly a holiday inn , but i guess it was bought over . the hotel is clean . the room is spacious and comfortable . staff is friendly and accommodating . there 's also underground parking . but be aware that there is a resort fee that pays for the gym , parking , and wifi . there is a complimentary breakfast included .	2017
1	dr. monroe is amazing ! she has helped me with my issues for the past few years . i understand she is very busy and this may be the reason i have to wait sometimes but , i do not mind because she is a very good and up to date . she takes her time with me and takes care of my health better than any doctor i ever had before .	3323
1	alex was on time , worked efficiently , explained what needed to be done and took his time answering my questions . i will call the right guys in the future and will recommend them to my friends .	1644
1	we stopped here for the first time and the froyo was amazing ! the atmosphere is fun and family friendly with cool games and decor . we got a mix of froyo and toppings . i like that there are different cup sizes and a variety of toppings to choose from . we found out they are recently under new ownership run by a really nice family . we will be back for sure ! !	1903
1	was here earlier today they let you stay as long as you want . i just get a good lunch service is still the same grill cheese was ok. wilke snack wrap better . this is my new spot for when i have to edit photos . price is nice . they let you fill up your own waterbottle ! let 's just say i filled it with ice tea then they did let me switch to another drink . that does n't happen too often . comfortable seating to . and chargers . if you go in the weird hours you can focus more on your work .	2741
0	this place is a mess . i 've been to plenty robertos , but this one takes the cake . none of the sodas had any carbonation , hell scratch that , none of the the drink dispense fully worked . this place over all is fucking nasty , do n't know if it was the crew that day or just the management . i 'm glad the robertos closer to where i live have better quality than this shit hole .	322
0	my home warranty company sent doctor cool out to fix a a/c leak . the technician wrote up a expensive repair order that the warranty company denied . they sent out another company and after applying .15 cents worth of glue and 20 minutes my problem was completely resolved . do n't trust this companies diagnosis .	2776
1	love the curry chicken rice and great milk tea ; decent portion ! the atmosphere is nice in here , very relaxing ! p.s curry chicken rice get sold out fast so best to coming before the rush hour !	2971
0	service sucked . beautiful afternoon , marvelous company , at swirl for 1.25 hours was served one beverage each and waitress never returned to our table . very disappointing .	296
1	was pleasantly surprised with the service today in a terminal ! i 've previously had a few bad experiences here but definitely not this time . it seems as if there are some fresh faces behind the bar so that is positive . great job management .	3124
1	tried this place for the 1st time food was good but prices we a tad high . it has the typical *burtos menu . the restaurant is small . but food is great and i will try again !	1036
0	did n't even sit down before hearing the performer michael spadoni make a racial slur . when expressing our discomfort to the performer , he stated that he refused to apologize , and that he makes racial jokes about all cultures , therefore it is `` okay . '' a different staff member verified that he does indeed make racist statements that like regularly . for this to be deemed as regular is a direct reflection of the establishment . i refuse to visit any establishment that allows the closed minded , racist statements of michael spandoni continue .	3326
1	ryan and scott took care of me totally with a remake on a delish sicilian that ended up with mayo which i do n't eat . no questions , handed over a new one on time just perfect with a smile . always a great product and a `` hello '' when you come in ! nice !	1494
1	i purchased a new laptop here a few days ago and the staff was great . i dont know much about computers so the guy that helped me actually took the time to explain everything to make sure it was going to fit my needs . i am very happy with my purchase and the customer service !	494
0	i have been a customer of this dr for over ten years . i have spent hours waiting for appointments up to two hours at times , one hour being the norm . i got into the habit of calling before my appointment to make sure they were running on time , which was also a waste of time as they still made me wait . today my daughter was 20 minutes late ( not excusable , she was late ) however they told her she needed to reschedule ! ridiculous i am finding a new dr one with more compassion and better time keeping skills .	661
1	my back has been feeling much better allowing me to be up on my feet for longer periods of time . the staff there are all very friendly and the scheduling is very accommodating to my busy schedule . i have liked it so much i even brought my 16 year old in to start her treatment too !	1785
0	1 . if you sell cupcakes , have more than three kinds of cupcakes for sale , and more than nine total in the display case . it 's a cupcake store . it 's not an art gallery . fill the display case with , oh , i do n't know , cupcakes . 2 . if you sell cupcakes , make sure they taste like cupcakes . hint : cupcakes should taste like cakes , not like cardboard cups . those are cakecups , and are totally different .	3749
0	wow - quite the rude encounter at enterprise rental at madison airport . usually really like enterprise because they care about having happy customers and take responsibility for when they are not fair in a situation . not this time ! where are the madison manners ? ! ?	2345
0	if i could give zero stars i would made an appointment been sitting here over an hour to be seen and i even arrived early	2334
1	steve saved my life . i needed a new lens for my nikon because my hubby dropped it . our vowel renewal in cabo was 4 days away . thank goodness steve said they had a spare and i could trade in my damaged lens for the already refurbished one . the price was also too good to be true . great place to come for repairs and good service .	633
1	stumbled upon this place while trying a find another store in the area . oh my -- huge smile on my face when i walked in ! this store is an upgraded ben franklin . picked up more scrapbook stuff to add to my collection . love the fabric section ! so much more prints to choose from vs the stores at home . i will definitely go back to this store when i 'm in vegas again . thank you to the lady behind the fabric counter who gave me coupons .	1937
1	five star service . convenient and so helpful . priced compared and they matched cheaper price with an additional $ 5 off . bought the extra super glass protector and an otter box cover . highly recommend this store . salesman was perfect too . cost was $ 99/price match at $ 89 las $ 5 , iphone 5s replacement glass . they made sure phone worked perfectly too . gail	3817
1	i love forever 21 and always have ! this location is the closest to me but not my favorite . it 's always a mess , the visuals as well as the mannequins are always a mess . the visual merchandising is very poor and need big changes and maintaining . the great about the location is the sizing . they carry a lot in stock and always have enough sizes . it 's a huge store with plenty to choose from . i always stop in and but a few things when doing my shopping in this center .	3373
1	i enjoyed my service at the avalon school or cosmetology . the highlights were the professional , beautiful and kind teacher overseeing her students who worked on me . things i did n't enjoy : were the busy front desk , the atmosphere in the front was not so relaxing ! the private rooms used for facials were lovely , clean and simple . my daughter had a negative experience with her brow waxing , so i 'm not sure i recommend the waxing services . nails were just okay .	2899
1	big fan of their gnocchi . always pleasant service and food comes out relatively quickly . they have a small restaurant , tables are pretty close together but it gives that small italian cafe feel . love that they have a covered patio with heaters so you can enjoy sitting outside rain or shine .	563
1	best service department ever ! very efficient and treat you like family . if you are ever in the need of repairs contact bob krotonsky at arrowhead honda !	2210
1	i love 121 fitness . the facilities have everything you could want and the staff is friendly and professional ! they do an exceptional job keeping things clean and tidy . the staff members i have gotten to know like melissa go out of there way to make you feel welcome and get the most out of your experience . their yoga instructors are top notch and are always striving to keep their classes fresh and challenging . i particularly like the classes taught by julie , nick , brian and hillary .	1984
0	i decided to try them again . one guy kept pulling his pants up ; only problem with that is '' he still had his gloves on and trying to prepare my food '' . and this was the same week that all chipotle stores closed on a monday for food safety . feb. 8th 2016 ... my visit feb. 11th another guy was by the grill and checking his messages . burrito tasted okay .	869
0	update . went back here and ordered a crispy chicken sandwich . got home and after biting into it realized it was raw . they also messed up my other order . i called and spoke to robert and his resolution was to remake the food . unacceptable resolution . i paid for this food . simply doing what you should have done to begin with is not good enough . going above and beyond is .	998
0	the employees will run this place out of business , came there at 10:40 when they open at 10:00 and sign is not on , tell them the signs not on and they say `` ok ? '' one employee stayed on her phone the whole time . these employees make a bad atmosphere and make you want to get out of there on purpose so they do n't have to work .	1528
1	this place was pleasantly surprising ! they were fast , and i am super picky , but i enjoyed the time there , and had not one complaint . love my nails , and my toes !	43
1	always super fast delivery and everything you can expect from a big chain pizza joint !	1406
0	worst salon ever . i came once and a woman helped me and she did a great job . the man i saw today was a younger guy and tall . he kept staring off while doing my nails and accidentally clipped my skin and it bled . half of my nails are crooked and lumpy . he was so quick to get me out the door . at least do your job correctly . rude guy .	3497
0	below average taste with premium pricing . what a rip off . i ordered a wonton soup , with two wontons in there , price is $ 14 . will never go back again , recommend others to explore other wonderful chinese restaurants in the area as well .	1441
0	this place was so rude to me , they made me uncomfortable and the smell in there is horrible . you can smell in the scent from the different stores around . like seriously ! ? so gross ! ! definitely do not recommend this place .	2683
0	have really enjoyed pure pizza in the past . tonight there were a few issues with the pizza . my wife and i had the pure country pizza . to sum up the pizza - the tomato sauce was like water , no taste and sauce soaked through to the crust . sauce made crust so moist , it was almost impossible to pick up . the topping included country ham , but it was almost non-existent on the pizza . pure country pizza ? more like a pure mess .	809
1	ask for van ! today i had a perfect manicure-pedicure - for just $ 35.00 . the pedicure chairs are amazing . i will be visiting this place again !	786
0	out of business and i bought tons of coupons for future deluxe washes ! bummer ! their phone is disconnected also .	1408
1	we used their services for the carpets in our new house and loved the job dustin did ! he even gave us advice on some stains we had on our furniture . prices were very reasonable ! will use again !	2135
0	could n't really get a feel for the place as i was n't let in b/c was wearing a tanktop . however , i do suggest you wear an affliction shirt . seems to be the uniform .	1966
0	unbelievable how rude servers were to us . we had a party of four on friday night , ready for the weekend to start ! we were blown off by couple servers . waited there for 20 minutes , nobody even acknowledged us . a server helped tables next to us couple of times and completely ignored us ! we picked up and left . got great service at tap house-the complete opposite of sierra gold . we are never coming back ! ! !	1520
1	it was awesome ! ! ! all desserts and drinks were good ! ! try everyone ! interior is also modern and fashionable .	1821
0	i get that it 's peter piper . so the expectations are kind of on the lower end . but this time they let a bum sit inside the restaurant . i get it , it 's hot out side . and if i was home less i would want an air conditioned place to relax and well . but eating a salami out of a chik fila bag and then sleeping in a booth . sorry not when my children are running around . never again . sorry	1283
0	this is the worst tuxedo place in pittsburgh . i suggest if you want a smooth wedding experience , stay away from top hat tuxedo . all of the workers are very rude , including the owner . we used this place for my brothers wedding , and it was a headache each time we had to go there . my brothers suit ripped before he walked down the aisle and the owner offered him 20 $ to get it fixed somewhere else so they did n't have to deal with it . ridiculous . stay away from top hat tuxedo ! !	3942
0	rough experience from beginning to end . intended to eat-in with a colleague with 30-minutes to work with . ordering was painful , as person at register struggled to correctly input our order . accidentally overcharged us by $ 21 somehow , and had to bring cash out to table to fix problem . after 15 minutes of waiting we changed order to `` to-go , '' and were then presented with wrong food . the wrap was decent , although not nearly as many options for toppings as other mediterranean restaurant options . i wish them well , but wo n't be back .	875
0	good pedicure , but requested to have a buff manicure instead of polish , which has a shine , but when finished and the buffing was n't complete i asked making the nails shiny w/the buffer , i was given a nasty look and quite the attitude.. disappointing , since i specifically asked for the buff w/shine .	3031
0	went the first time and they gave me the wrong order.. no chocolate ever.. moved down here almost a year ago and after the south durango store closed i went to this store.. and they still get orders wrong and again ... no chocolate still.. travel the extra time to a better dq cause you wo n't get soft served chocolate..	25
1	i love aawl and everything they do for all the dogs in need . i am starting to volunteer here and if anyone has any extra free time , they should too ! it is a great environment , everyone is very friendly , and it is very very rewarding ! if you are thinking about getting a dog or a few there are so many amazing dogs looking for a furever home !	1787
0	rude employees ( bob ) , balls are old , overpriced , gets too crowded . go somewhere else .	2690
1	i can not say enough about kelly 's . from the delicious mac-n-cheese ( the best i 've ever had ) to the great beer selection to the daily `` vintage '' cocktail specials to the fantastic , multi-genre jukebox , i love everything about this bar . the crowd varies from hipsters to students to older professionals to locals . you can sit in one of the booths inside for hours , play cards and talk , or you can sit outside on their patio during nice weather . beer prices are reasonable , and well worth the cost .	279
0	if i could rank lower then 1 star i would . terrible service , terrible food . do n't eat here unless you want to be tied to your toilet for 2 days afterward . shrimp tacos - no . greasy ( how ? ! ) , doused in mayo beef stroganoff- basically dog food warmed up on noodles will not be back .	97
1	as a newcomer i had n't heard about this place , until a good friend of mine saw me trying to fight a hardcore chocolate craving and decided to drag me to this place . i ordered the hot chocolate with salty caramel and i felt like the happiest person on earth when i saw my treat - sweet , salty , creamy , crunchy toppings , warm , delicious ! also , the inside of the place was very minimal and pretty , i liked the soft pastel colours and deco .	2548
0	little caesars : `` wait , it 's not ready ! '' i do n't why this particular location never has pizzas ready . that 's the whole point of going to little caesars , right ? you go in , give them $ 5 and walk right back out with a pizza . it 's really not worth waiting for , in my opinion .	519
0	the tall red headed woman with dimple piercings has a very condescending and smug attitude . they have a no return policy the second you walk out the store , which she did not explain to me either when i purchased the jewelry . the jewelry i bought turned out to be defective . it was my first and last time visiting this store .	2790
0	love the stars ! but you can get them online cheaper . the other lighting that they carry is way overpriced and quite antiquated .	3426
0	these guys are ripoff artists . the guy in the garage actually doing my oil change did a good job . i watched all the work he did from just outside the garage door . it was the desk guy in the office and then the store manager who came up with every excuse in the book to more than double the cost on the oil change coupon . if they do this for an oil change i 'd be afraid to use them for a brake job .	2552
0	this place is kept like a jail . bouncers are poorly educated about customer service , and do not know how to treat people . my girlfriend and i were kept in the line for more than an hour for being mistaken for somebody else . upon the end of the night , she got physically assaulted by one of bouncers while she tried to argue the situation . the bartender tried to rip us off , and when asked for a bill ... came back with a different and a much lesser amount . luxy is a jail and not a club ... it makes downtown clubs look like heaven . i do not recommend luxy for anybody .	3724
0	tried to play mini-golf last evening and had to quit because of bugs . when saying something to the help about it , no offer was made to refund money . they acknowledged the bug problem .	3001
1	i went to mor looking for a living room set . the sales rep was extremely friendly and helped with all the questions i had . i 'm planning to go back soon to buy a new bed and some wall decor . best furniture store by far ! !	1640
1	great lunch today ! i had the tamago burger . it was so yummy and the patty was actually a bit crispy ! i am coming back for sure !	964
0	i might return another time , i went on a thursday late august for lunch . it was n't bad , took over an hour to get served for lunch and we had to wolf down the food and leave to get back to the office for a meeting . i would avoid this place if in a hurry but i may try again if i have a longer lunch time , or maybe for dinner . this place has all the elements of a good restaurant/gourmet burger place , but clearly have n't figured out how to manage being busy which i guess is a good problem for them to have .	1417
1	called penny for emergency service , and was immediately given a window for service , same day . within 25 minutes , chad was at our door and working a solution to get us powered back up . not only did he diagnose our immediate issue , but he provided us with a plan to make sure this does n't happen again . chad was a consummate professional , not even stopping for a torrential downpour . it 's been hard to find good electrical contractors in las vegas , not anymore . thank you chad and penny electric !	1867
0	they 've increased prices but do n't keep the same price for returning customers . i 've been a customer for 1.5 years and am now paying $ 10 dollars more than what i usually get . sadly will not be returning because they do not honour their existing clientele .	3420
1	jamie did an amazing job at fixing my nails ! ! ! i recently went to pink nails , and they messed my nails up extremely bad so i went here and they did an amazing job ! ! their work is amazing ! !	3010
1	this business went over and above the call of duty to get our a/c up and running . our home warranty contacted affirmative air after another business showed little knowledge and was unsuccessful at repairing our a/c , along with providing surly customer service . the guys from affirmative air came in and worked tirelessly at repairing a complex problem . they worked within our schedule and coordinated with an electrician in order to get the problem repaired correctly . they worked with positive attitudes and were very professional . if i could give more than five stars i would ! a very happy customer in cave creek , az .	2078
0	went this afternoon with two friends . ordered food , and one hour later server comes by to say `` the kitchen is busy , it 'll be coming soon '' . fifteen minutes later she comes by to say the same thing . we ask her to check how long it will be and she goes , comes back , and says `` at least another half hour '' . we got up and left . awful , never again .	630
0	this one was very hard for it took me 5 days because i love this place ! ! ! what kind of person and friend i could of been to y'all if i do n't deliver the truth ! ! in the beginning i would of giving this place 10 stars but in every place you know what might be there but your always in denial until you witnessed it yourself for example.. dirty forks , bad service , cold food ; but i will let my video do the talking . just realized i ca n't leave a video so screenshot it is. ! ! ! i will give .05 star	3397
0	great service until we purchased the dress . it was all down hill after that . very little consideration or accommodation that my daughter had to fly in from out of town for fittings . they told us we did n't need an appointment to pick up the dress and then had us wait for 50 minutes . will never recommend them .	2938
1	cactus jacks is a super chill place to grab drinks with friends . the bartenders are super friendly , and the prices are great ! love cactus jacks : )	1295
0	jack refuses to warranty his work . i paid for work on my backwash assembly and only used it once . i called jack and asked him to come take a look at it . i made an appointment with him , got off work early to make it , and he called 10 minutes before the appointment and told me his warranty is only 30 days -- thing is i checked my invoice and it does not say this ... dissappointing service !	2925
1	my first time flying with alaska air ... i was really surprised by the awesome customer service . i have flown with other airlines before and have always waited at least 45 minutes to an hour before being able to speak to a customer service representative . i had to revise my itinerary this past weekend ( seattle to phoenix ) and had to call in 4 times . not once did i wait more than 2 minutes to speak to a real life representative . the reps were also very polite and funny ! go alaska air !	2400
0	not a family / kid friendly place . food was bland and service was horrible . would not recommend this place .	423
0	jeff and edwin mcguire made the process very frustrating . they were unprofessional and did not know how the process works . they pulled credit multiple times and could not explain the reason why .	2134
0	my daughter had her eyelashes done here . she had a groupon . it was her first time . at first , the lashes looked good , but after 3 days , most of the lashes had fallen out . she called and told them and when she went back to have them fixed , they charged her again . also , she discovered that they had cut her real lashes short before applying the extensions . not sure why they had to do that . definitely would not recommend this place .	1056
1	one of my favorite restaurants , and the best butter chicken in the montreal area . intimate decor , good service , amazing food . the 10 $ thali is a great deal , and the konkanee shrimp are delicious . i love this place .	140
0	tony doesnt know de wae , i speet on cold stone speet speet speet speet speet speet speet speet speet	1523
0	zoo . unmanaged chaos . unresponsive service reps. no one knows what is going on . i only come here when responding to manufacturer recall . i honestly so dislike coming here for service , that i plan to not buy another honda because i do n't want to be locked into this service department again .	2210
0	do not choose this place to live until heath the head of leasing is gone . i signed a lease from california ... no one told me the pool is under construction and my luxury apartment is vibrating . heath does n't know how to do the right thing .	1798
0	dirty , dirty , dirty . small scoops . i can tell this place just changed management . too bad .	220
0	overrated food . the shaved ice has no taste , just a plain ice ... super dissapointed ! ! !	176
0	omg ! was too disappointing about the taste . and it 's too watery . how can you taste the flavor if its too watery and smoothies suppose to have a bit of ice atleast . but customer service was ok. ca n't really speak english well but atleast they try !	1898
0	just moved to the silverado ranch area and needed a gym close to home . fitness 19 is small but has all the necessary equipment you need to get a true work out in . the gym does lack in open space for stretching and non-equipment exercises . i 'm always press for time and here i can get in and get my workout done without waiting for a machine . on the negative side it 's not open 24/7 . even if it was open a little later . i mean this is las vegas .	2919
0	choppy . sort of a mess . quite odd . big jlo fan . loved the jenny on the block segment but the rest was just not happening . we saw three parties around us leave early including 5 young girls that were clearly thrilled to be there initially . i am glad i saw her , but for the price tag i ca n't recommend it .	1771
0	the trampolines are fine overall the thing that sucked were the nachos , they were stale as *** the cheese was n't even fully melted . & the icee machine was n't even working . i paid almost 4 dollars for a couple stale chips and cold cheese , does n't seem like a lot but i mean how can you possibly mess up nachos ? if they 're going to be serving food this crappy might as well let us bring in our own food .	1664
1	looks like this car wash took over the old one i had a membership for so i was a little skeptical . all i can say is wow ! ! ! the kids are dressed very professional and the light show was actually pretty cool . looks like they have a few new things added that i did n't get before with my membership and my car came out amazingly clean . needless to say i will be getting a membership through them welcome to the neighborhood	78
1	food was very good but not great . service very friendly and spot on . nice clean restaurant . plenty of parking . good value for prices . upscale neighborhood italian restaurant , that if i lived in the area would go back . long trip from los angeles .	1539
1	john from dr cool just came to service our ac units . he was quick and to the point . very knowledgeable about what the problem was and was able to fix it fast . carla ( who works in the office ) also offers great and friendly customer service over the phone . our home warranty company sent them out but i would definitely call them on my own and recommend them to anyone .	2776
0	always thought i loved this store , but honestly after today do n't think they deserve 1 star . all because of one guy who is apparently the owner . threw out my girlfriend who unfortunately has to have a service dog . unacceptable !	794
1	edward g is a great guy . came in at midnight and needed a car battery and he was very helpful . what a great place to be open so late . thank	424
1	i stopped by to see the shop . it was clean and there people up front to greet me . they were very helpful and got me in right away . they answered all of my questions before i started . they were thorough and honest ! definitely coming back to this salon ! ! ! cindy was awesome ! ! !	1834
0	military families do not go here ! this place said my three year needed to get surgery to get her molars fixed and had two cavities . the surgery would cost $ 300+ and to get it done asap . my husband took my daughter to a different dental office that accepted tricare and nothing was wrong . no cavities and molar issues . i filed a fraud complaint against this place on the tricare website . this place just wants to get paid and not looking out for the well being of young children .	2626
0	i placed an order for pick up online . when i got there , i had to wait behind a customer that was ordering . i told the lady i had a pick up and she seemed confused . she asked how i placed it and i told her online . had to wait about 15 minutes and the lady that placed her order there received her food before i did . this is the second time i 've ordered for pick up and it was n't ready . i should have at least gotten my food before the lady that just placed her order .	308
0	don in electronics is the rudest costco employee i have ever run in to . i was going to buy laptop but went to sams club .	1102
1	i loved this place . friendly staff and great food ! very affordable . i 'll definitely go back . : )	1450
0	i 'm not sure what happened . he seemed very nice and willing on the phone , and actually did a treatment several months ago . for some unknown reason he stopped returning my calls and my tenants calls . after a full week and no response i had to hire another company . very odd ?	2998
1	nice guys but poor service . inaccurate info on when my car would be completed . when it finally was done , the interior was a mess and grease all over the seats and carpets . how do i even know if they changed all the fluids if they do n't care about my car ? update . cliff the gm called me . as i said , nice guys and we discussed this and he was very kind . i feel that after his call , i am satisfied with his explanation and as whole , his company cares about the customer . i will go back here for all my brake issues in the future .	2552
0	do not bring your pet to this veterinarian . i was a long time customer of this vet and recently learned that their business practices are along the lines of a `` mechanic '' who looks under the hood and charges you for things you do not need . they should be investigated for their way of doing business its horrible . of the thousands of dollars i have spent there over the years , i am not wondering how much of it was really necessary ? ! only giving one star because i have to .	1700
0	lame imax theater ! ! when i have been to imax theaters they have been massive and awe-inspiring , but not this one- it looks like a regular movie theater , with an average sized screen ! ! the only cool part was the beginning credits advertising imax , but thats about it . it kind of sucked , the only cool part is that is at the palms .	491
1	in and out with the quickness . not social but who cares ! give me two eyebrows instead of one and we are all good . i constantly get compliments on my eyebrows so i am greatly pleased .	460
1	this was the first mcdonald 's in las vegas to have the new interior design & wifi many years ago , when they still charged for it . this location is close to the corner of sunset and eastern , which is near the airport runway . the staff is friendly and the manager here knows how to get the customer their order quickly , even when there is a large group of people . this is a good spot to grab a drink or some food before heading over to sunset park across the street .	1023
1	i recently got my windshield replaced with safe auto glass and could n't be more pleased . it was smooth from the beginning till the end and my glass looks amazing . i received the promotions i was offered from the sales rep and would highly recommend this company for any auto glass needs !	200
1	i 'm a huge fan of japanese and ramen and growing up in hawaii it 's hard to find what i like . this place is like someone 's grandma made food for you it 's the best . it 's not super fancy greatness of the food is mostly in how it 's done and what 's in it . it is well prepared yummy and delicious . its not going to break my bank because it 's fancy . it 's simple i have hit every ramen place in town and this is the place i go to 90 % of the time .	1
1	we have been to all of the recent iterations of this bar - world of beer , wasted grain and now the funky monk . we stopped in this afternoon for a drink and to watch the nba playoff game . the bartender welcomed us in and checked on us periodically , the bar was quieter than all of the other area bars , but maybe because it is such a new concept ( or maybe more of a club at night ) , and they have a pretty extensive drink list . i settled on a cherry lime mule and loved it - well mixed , refreshing and so tasty !	3336
0	dim sum was ok . i think they put a lot of msg in their food , felt so dizzy the whole day after and my stomach did not feel great . they had push carts which i 'm not a fan of , all that talking into my food . there may have been some food that had been sitting on the cart for a while , they offered to rehear which was nice but how long has it been sitting there ? ? too bad , i was looking forward to this place after looking for a dim sum place in mississauga ! !	338
1	i had a diy bowl over mixed greens , and really enjoyed it . this is a really healthy place to stop for lunch or for a snack , and it 's pretty accomodating to meat-eaters and vegetarians alike . i do wish the bowls were a tad bigger , but for a light lunch the small bowl works just fine , and it 's much better for you than a lot of other options in the area .	309
0	this car wash changed ownership literally overnight and is now quick quack . i used to love coming to this location for a $ 3 car wash- cheap rinse to get the dust off . now , the cheapest car wash is $ 5 for the same thing . annoying to pay that much more for the same thing that i 'm sure a lot of customers come for . disappointed in this change	78
0	worst hotel ever ! ! ! ! do not book this hotel ! cockroaches , drug deals by the vending machines , thin walls , smoke through the vents and then they charge you extra for `` smelling smoke '' . no breakfast as advertised and staff and management not helpful ! ! ! !	1888
1	this has become my movie theate of choice . the location is great , parking is close & easy . the star class theatres have ample leg room and extremely comfortable wide seats . they serve you food & drinks in star class . look for $ 6.00 coupons in the newspaper weekly .	2486
0	update 4/16/17 well came on easter sunday i called before hand to ask if they were open and they said yes but we 're only washing cars outside till about 10am then full inside and out after . so we got there and nope only washing outside once again ... this place blows now it 's being run by a bunch of kids no manager or anything	2359
1	great pizza for $ 5 . let 's be very clear , there are a bunch of 2 star reviews , that wanted gourmet pizza for $ 5 and were shocked to find out that extra cheese and pepperoni were extra . when evaluating a place you have to take the service in consideration to the price . if you want a better pizza , you can ask for extra cheese , pepperoni , garlic crust , etc . and still walk out with a large pizza for roughly $ 7.50 , which is well under the $ 10- $ 15 you would spend at a major chain . i also regularly get their cheese sticks and cheese steak hoagie .	662
1	my partner and i have lived here for a year now and we love it . unlike where we lived previously the appliances here are of much better quality resulting in far less maintenance requests ( i 've actually had none as of yet ) . the building and common areas are all very well kept . we are both very happy residents !	1798
0	got kicked out because it was 3 of us and they only allow 2 at a time..very distasteful !	1659
1	try the pineapple curry duck and fried spring rolls , they are delicious ! beautiful restaurant with a great atmosphere . this is the best thai food around .	895
0	would never use this company again . from charging way more than initially quoted to placing my pod a block away from my home to horrible customer service . never again !	3342
0	went there for a cut and a dye . left after the cut because of how poorly the cut was done . definitely did n't trust them to do the dye . the lady who cut my hair did n't seem like she knew what she was doing .	3182
1	great selection of food to choose from . staff was very friendly and helpful . price was good , quality and quantity of food was excellent . will go back there again . thank you yelp for helping me find this place .	580
0	went to bring out two dogs to be groomed . they want you to sign a waiver if they kill my dog or it gets bit by another dog on the premises that they are not responsible . so who would be ? oh its no big deal said the lady behind the counter we have 5 more people waiting to be called for grooming . well good for you . beware overpriced , snob 's , do n't care about you or your dogs . well thanks for nothing . my prediction is your not going to be working there much longer with that attitude .	3433
1	i have shopped here for years and have always gone to tj for help . the dude knows his stuff and never pressures you to buy anything . he cares that you will be satisfied with your purchase and the delivery team is also very good . they called me to let me know they were on their way and brought everything into the house quickly . if you are looking for an inexpensive place to buy furniture , there are other places . if you want quality with expert people to help you find the right furniture , then go see tj at rc wiley .	439
1	the food here is great ! it is difficult to find restaurants that cater to my food allergies and this one definitely does . i love that they have gluten free , vegetarian , vegan , and free range options . the food is well done . service can be slow and i do n't like that they charge $ 3 for extra pita ... other than that this place is great if you 're looking for a pita jungle type restaurant that is a lot healthier	1402
0	the landscape is so beautiful , but the pathways are really dirty with poop , poop everywhere . my family loves park , and this park is close to my house , but we prefer to go the park on craig , more activities and cleaner .	367
0	should be called the hogtown stench . i came in over the weekend for breakfast with a friend . i got the belt which was decent , but very stingy on the bacon . they cure their own meats and have an open kitchen with no closure to where the patrons sit . the smell is overwhelming . my friend and i had to change our clothes immediately after we left as we smelled like a pig roast . do not go here if you have plans after ! !	267
1	i was driving along and suddenly my engine started surging and it became difficult to stop my car . i called aaa and they sent mike snipes from kendall towing to tow my car . when he got there i described the problem , and he knew exactly what the issue was ! he opened the hood and re-attached the throttle body to the hose , which my mechanic had failed to secure a few days earlier when he replaced my radiator . i was on my way again in just a few moments , mike was just fantastic ; he was a nice guy , and obviously very knowledgeable . i was very happy and impressed .	1159
0	good first experience . second was unfortunately my last	2024
1	this review is for the `` cafe '' portion . pretty cool spot for super cheap $ 2.00/cup french press coffee . i love the deck they built , which overlooks the bay . i stopped by for a leisurely morning coffee with my bf on sunday morning and had a lovely time . they are just starting to offer classes on paddle board yoga , kayak etc - i ca n't wait to sign up for the moonlight paddle series !	1291
0	pathetic service ! pizza bar is disgraceful . 2 people ignored my family and i today . we order pizzas at a minimum of once per week . three years running ! lately , the people in this department have had poor attitudes . lazy and ignoring customers . but now it 's ridiculous . also , veganaise and refrigerated sections are seriously out of stock . poorly run store . only the basics we ca n't get anywhere else from now on for us . sad	433
1	great massage , hit all the tight muscles . very good customer service . i 'd highly recommend this business .	2550
1	a beautiful hotel in the middle of downtown phoenix . my husband and i stayed there for our second night as a married couple and the staff was lovely ! we were congratulated , upgraded and given a bottle of champagne to enjoy before we headed off to our honeymoon . the shower was also so cool , as it was `` walk-in '' style that almost took up half of the bathroom . we thought it was well worth the price - and the downstairs hotel restaurant was divine . definitely check out the happy hour .	3859
1	after a loooooooooooooooonnnnnnngggg walk in search of caffeine , i found this starbucks . my mocha frappuccino was fine and service was friendly . that 's all i can ask from an airport starbucks .	3124
0	cancel cancel and cancel ... these front desk bitches will practically wait the last minute to call and let you know that your appointment has been canceled . they always start their stupid ass messages the same way `` unfortunately they dr had an emergency '' two weeks straight on the same fucking day . then the dr. should stay home and you receptionist should n't schedule anything . they have me so upset . i swear these reviews are fake as hell	3598
1	their family meal is perfect ! it comes with a 1 topping pizza , chicken tenders , chicken wings and a 2 liter drink ... all delicious . we always have it delivered and it is still hot when we receive it . there is enough food in the meal that we have leftovers for days ! so yummy and the staff is super nice . : )	987
1	amazing food and atmosphere ! the butcher 's steak was one of the best dishes i have had . just be sure to make a reservation beforehand ! : )	1331
1	chicken tostada is currently the special on wednesdays . i love their chicken tostadas so much that i now call wednesday ... '' chicken tostada wednesdays '' ! ! ! i have yet to have a bad meal here . i 'm pretty sure if i could i 'd eat here every day ! tortillas taste homemade . salsas and meats taste so fresh . this has to be my favorite `` fast food '' mexican place in town . love it ! if you 're not a fan of the tostada , try the chicken quesadilla ! to die for ! tacos are really good too ! and get a punch card ... after the 10th punch you get a free meal ! yay !	1365
1	loved the food here ! by far , one of the juiciest burgers i 've ever had . the fries with the gravy is amazing , and the entire setting is very relaxed and nice to look at	964
1	omg ! ! ... . they have the best chicken tenders ever ! ! they are so moist amd huge.. my son loves them for his lunches . they are made fresh everyday and ready around 10am ! ! they have replaces a few chicken places and now we only go to fry 's . so yummy ! ! oh and i love i can get in and out within minutes if needed . or if i 'm doing a full shopping trip they always have everything i need .	2241
0	first time at this location and just needed brows done . wow , what the heck do the teach these people ? ? ? i literally left with one brown way shorter , much thinner , and not even close to looking like the other one . my 11 year old niece could have done a better job . and the girl who did it kept telling me she was `` addicted '' to waxing . maybe she needs to get addicted to learning about how to properly wax . have gone to the location in gilbert and always had good luck . 2 thumbs down on this experience ! ! ! !	2300
0	here 's the deal . they did n't wear gloves . and then . the ice cream i bought ( a small for 4.00 ) in the flavor java jolt tasted like soap with a hint of freezer burn . my friend got the cookie dough flavor ( again a small for $ 4 ) that tasted like crappy vanilla ice cream with cookie dough chunks thrown in , again with the aftertaste of soap and freezer burn . i will not be returning .	2569
0	thumbs down ! i tried to order over the phone and have a bouquet sent to my daughter 's school and the store rep made such a big deal that not all schools accept floral deliveries for their students , when i told her i know for a `` fact '' my daughter 's school does . courteous customer service is not a plus here . going somewhere else !	2266
0	i 've been coming here for over a year to get my nails done both acrylic and gel . i came this past friday and found that my gel nail fell off only three days later . i went back in to get it redone and they did not apologize or paint my nail the same color when i got it redone .	3711
0	horrible ! rude the minute he saw my coupon ! massage did n't even last 2 minutes ! ! not friendly what so ever - go elsewhere !	2407
0	worst customer service ever . rude . they can not answer questions , not welcoming . had to walk in twice just to get greeted .	1493
0	this is the worst place to live . the office is nice as can be before you sign papers , after that they can care less and treat you like a peeon . went to them for advice after my roommate left unannounced and they flat out said not their problem . then the roommate who left called and said i had unapproved people living there . so they gave me a 10 eviction notice without even knocking to verify if anyone was living there . now i have a 5300 collection from this corrupt place . oh yeah and if you do n't attend the community activities they will treat you even worse . do n't rent from them ! ! !	2609
1	great first impression with interior design and cleanliness . bright welcoming environment with very comfortable chairs . took advantage of the buy one get one free drink promo . had the mango green tea with coconut jelly adjusted to low sugar and low ice . it was excellent , refreshing and hit the spot . would definitely recommend .	3033
1	stayed at the hard rock for my birthday , got complimentary club tickets so we decided to take advantage of it . my sister and two best friends , we had such a wonderful time time at the club . it was a bit crowed but the music was great , dancing and overall ambience was welcoming and fun .	3596
1	new drive in - classic style ! hosted my son 's 8th birthday here and the staff and food is amazing . they brew their own pop , root beer and beer as well . lots of special events and great burgers and dogs .	953
0	been here twice and purchased the 15 $ wash do n't waste your money . i 'm sure the basic wash does the exact same thing . down the road i can get a wash for 15 and have guys make sure everything is spotless and dried for you . both times my car came out cleaner but still all kinds of spots and marks that would of came off somewhere else . the cycle is too fast for it to give a car a good clean . it 's worth 2 stars and i 'll never return .	2093
0	too expensive for `` expect more , pay less '' and i walked past a number of employees who i felt were very in-inviting to target . i smiled and said hello and i was dodged by the employees .	3244
1	they repaired my rug doctor vac under warranty . the machine was 3 years old , but new in the box . rug doctor still covered the warranty . the owner of mr. vac and sew then refunded my fees . very cool of him to do that . they have a customer for life . thanks ! !	932
1	the pizza is really good . really cheesy ! i always get the lunch menu because it 's a really good portion of food and the price is better !	239
1	the people here are so kind ! bummer there is no drive through , but sometimes its nice to go inside . busy , yes , but what coffee place is n't ? they really strive to be quick and have never gotten a drink wrong for me . love that they write your name on the cup , how personalized ! parking is great , tough to get to from eastbound elliot but not a huge deal .	3154
1	we ordered a pod to be delivered to our home to be used as temporary storage . it arrived on time as promised and provided much needed space to put our furniture in while we refinnished our floors ! of course a pod would be great to use if you were moving , but for other temporary storage needs it is a terrific alternative to keep in mind .	2233
1	mike is the man ! ! exceeds my nails every time . i basically tell him the color and he surprises me with the amazing technique & design .	2297
1	i have friends nearby . fry 's has chips and beer . match made in heaven . the staff here rocks , they even help me empty my cart . this store was redone a year or two ago , now has sushi bar in there , if you call it that . you can eat at the cafe in the corner , if that 's your thing . you wo n't find me there .	914
0	one star is to much for this store on the delivery i had to take 3 days off work to finally get my recliner . very bad customer service .	1794
1	i am an avid `` high-end grocery shop '' person and was incredibly impressed with this freshco . there were no lines ( we went after 8pm on a thursday night ) and the selection and prices are amazing . i bought some organic products protein pastas that you can only get at whole foods , but at a fraction of the price . really nice produce and extremely clean and big store . this is definitely our new go-to !	3613
1	art and margaret went above and beyond all expectations while helping me set up an account with one nevada . they were very kind and made sure i understood every option that was offered for the account and were able to answer all questions i had . true professionals ! i love this credit union already !	1141
0	thought i would update my experience . placed an order of a dozen for an upcoming party . called to see if order was ready . was told they made a mistake and delivered to the wrong location . my only option , pick the order up myself from the wrong location ( 15 miles away ) . huh ? lost not only one customer but many more i would have referred . sad	2024
1	i just love this place ! if you 're into clean eating and fresh local products it 's a gem . they have products you ca n't find anywhere nearby . good selection and very friendly good vibes staff . i always end up finding new exciting products too .	2488
1	good ol ' safeway ! i really do love this store and this location . i have tried other places like fne or the safeway on mcdowell and i always come back to the osborn locations . it at times can truly be one stop shopping ... from the us bank , to the pharmacy , to getting basics . the only thing i hate is that sometimes they dont have coverage on their lines late at night at it can take a long time to check out . but their produce can not be beat , they have certain products that i love always in stock !	2316
0	sold me a lemon . battery replaced and the same problem occurs , and no help from management . all that is done is sending you to different departments to sell more dreams of fixing your car and they are helping . i should have known when chuck pushed this certain ford fusion on me that it was a lemon . this is how i make a living and they did not care but i bet if i did not pay this note ford will report me to the credit bureau .	1650
0	nice sound and venue . our bartenders had no clue on how to make very basic mix drinks . they were awful . stick with the beer !	316
0	just ok . i think the pizza is fair but the lack of space inside and the customer service is horrible .	417
0	minus the tvs which are great for watching sports , the food almost killed me ! it 's disgusting i never complain but when i ordered the chicken avacado sandwich other night it tasted and smelt rank like rotten meat , it was dry like it was freezer burnt that was left out open and then spoiled then cooked ... ugg..then i ordered wine it was so rotten i spit it back in glass ... yep i 'm not ever going back there again..	428
1	service is good , only came in for a quick drink and snack . we had the pretzel sticks . the beer cheese these came with was excellent and i am not usually a fan of beer cheese . it appears to be more of a night time bar than a day drinking place .	3336
1	never had an issue at this location , always very friendly staff and quick drive through . they always make my sandwiches perfect , never burnt !	2902
0	went here a while ago , nobody on the staff said hello to me or anything at all to me . walked around the floor for a good 7 minutes too ... not sure if they 're prejudiced against darker skinned people but whatever their issue is it needs to be resolved fast . truly disgusting and pathetic . yikes , stay far away . downtown location much friendlier and welcoming . idiots .	1163
0	the providers are fine , the staff is horrible . simply they do not care . i called 3 times basically begging to have my little girl seen and they would not help . we have been patients for about 6 years , and they have never been helpful , but i liked maggie the nurse practitioner . stupid me , i should have moved years ago .	2526
0	happily sell you a defective phone and refuse to fix it . this location has always been horrible and continues to be .	2749
1	cheap tools ! i love this place since they carry things that most places do n't . i came here for some ramps to drive my quad onto my truck . they had 4-5 sets to choose from . the only complaint i would say is they get busy and they cant always get to everyone right away but it 's probably because they pass the savings onto the customer by not having tons of employees . the tools are n't craftsman so do n't expect a lifetime warranty but i do n't always need that kind of tool . i hardly use tools !	2267
0	so this is our first time here in a very , very long time . we are very apprehensive after waiting this long and having some of the staff repeat that our party will need to sit down within five minutes even though we were all standing waiting to be seated for the last 75 minutes ... definitely not good for large parties ... .	560
0	expensive place , food and drink are so so and customer service is just average ! but they charge above average than all bubble tea place , $ 25 per person is standard for lunch and drink on weekend when they do n't offer the lunch special ! wo n't come back again !	176
0	this is by far the worst walgreens i have ever been too . the workers are extremely unprofessional and have no idea what they are talking about . i would highly suggest never going here or going to cvs . this place was an absolute waste of time ! ! always a long wait and uninformed employees ... scary for a pharmacy .	3937
1	dr. jawadi has been my obgyn for a few years , and i even followed her when she started her new practice because of how great of a doctor she has been for me . she has always been responsive when i have health questions and concerns . i recently had my first child , and dr. jawadi and her office staff were wonderful throughout the whole process ! i had a safe delivery and felt that she was a knowledgeable and sensitive care partner in the whole experience . her office has been quick to submit paperwork i needed for work leave as well , despite me waiting until the last minute as a new mom , which i really appreciated !	3200
0	they broke my appointment at 5pm . said they did n't have time to take care of me before they closed . great at taking appointments ; bad at keeping them . seems a bit mismanaged to me .	3379
1	much dankness as always . tiara is the bomb 10/10 would recommend . also derek is one of the best servers i 've had i would recommend him to the crown prince .	383
1	bought a groupon and did this on a sunday night after two of my friends got married in vegas . this was an excellent activity choice ! while most of the spots on our tour did n't have drink specials ( same ones as outlines in traci 's post ) , my favorite was them taking us to the club body english , where we danced our asses off . while true that we were n't on the bus often or long , we had unlimited drinks on the bus and there were several fun options like margaritas . our guide/bartender was awesome . this is a great activity for young people in vegas who want to have a good time with other partiers .	2122
1	many shelf items are expired , so be sure to check expiration dates . the live fish tanks sometimes have dead fish floating in there , so would not recommend getting a live fish from that tank . the pre-cooked lobster is pretty good , but it 's kept in the same freezer area as uncooked seafood , so you 'll probably want to steam it to a temperature good enough to kill any bacteria . they do n't like pictures taken in the store and mini restaurant . this may be due to county health inspections or something like that . if you shop at the market often , buy $ 100 in gift certificates and you get 10 % extra in gift certificates .	3269
1	had a messed up last few days . week actually . just life bs all at once . thats led me to workout longer than usual . the great employees at this location have been the only bright spot . does that mean im that pissy or they that good ? whatever . i needed it . clean facilities . smiling . attentive . caring . great post workout fuel . special shot out to carlos for the shirt hookup when i spaced and forgot mine at hotel .	2370
0	was really look forward to coming here after being on the website . i did read some bad reviews , but figured it would be okay i mean people have different tastes . the appetizers i had where amazing , the scallops are the best . however , the butter chicken not so good ! we actually sent it back . we did tell the waitress we did not enjoy it ... she did comp our meals but did say `` oh ya i have heard that alot tonight '' i guess other people did not enjoy it either . it 's a shame , it 's a beautiful little place , but the food was so so .	1468
1	awesome place . ping pong and pool and drinks all at reasonable prices . good people , good times . i would give it 5 stars but for the internet jukebox ...	3840
0	hi ashley , thank you for your response . during the day our experience has been fine . i think your night crew is not as polished . as i said , gim me sugar has excellent macaroons ! we may be back . we will go during the day though when your service is better : - ) . thank you , austin gold	981
1	come several times a month . never fails us . we like sitting at the bar ( booths ) . always same two waitresses they are professionals . fast . friendly . always checking . oh the food ... ... roadhouse is great on all . the 6oz is enough for me . always perfectly done . ribs have lots of meat . get the loaded baked potato . worth it . salads always the freshest . lots of tvs in bar but not too loud . just great place .	1491
0	still waiting for my shower head to come in ... ordered it 15 days ago , was told it would take 5 ... .not happy .	2825
1	i just started going to valley medical , and i am doing the lipo-b injections . the staff is really nice and helpful . they tell you exactly what you need and how often to get it . i will for sure be going back .	2168
1	nora poblador was great when we came in . she was very meticulous about making sure everything was done right and there would be no issues down the road .	1141
0	rude , unfriendly management . clearly not trained to be customer-facing . do n't waste your time .	3330
1	thanks for the great haircut paul ! ! ! london barbers is the best barbers in town ! ! !	552
0	we have been regulars here for take out for years . the ownership has changed at least once , and i am guessing that it has changed recently again . the quality has dropped drastically . after having been disappointed twice , we were hoping it was a fluke and tried again . i always order a spicy chicken or beef dish and my husband always gets the house special fried rice . same poor quality . it makes me sad that we do n't have a decent chinese restaurant nearby anymore .	829
1	my wife and i had a great experience . the service was great and very knowledgeable . our waiter had phenomenal suggestions . the food was great , but not sure about the price . do n't skip dessert . the carrot cake was pretty good . we would visit cork & cleaver again .	1463
1	our backyard looks amazing . dane and his crew did a fantastic job . would highly recommend	2387
0	this place is a dump . i went there to buy several pairs of dress pants and shirts . it looked like nobody had worked there for days . there was clothing , hangars and trash everywhere . the dressing rooms were filled with piles of tried on shirts and pants . the inventory selection was dismal . also , there was not an employee in sight for help . i wound up not even making a purchase , instead i went home and bought everything from jcpenny.com and had a nice online shopping experience .	3633
1	this is my go-to nail salon . they 're usually really good about getting you in and out at a decent time . i 've gotten acrylic and shellac here and have never been disappointed . i love that you can just walk in and you do n't need an appointment . all of the nail techs that i 've had have been very friendly and always ask me if they are doing what i asked of them . i would definitely recommend this place to friends .	3452
0	horrible place ! i checked yelp review before i go and this place was one of the place that has best review . do n't trust review at all ! ! ! i did my nail done from heidi and she did a horrible job . she did n't really trim my cuticle and as a result my nail looked horrible even the next day . i am regulary doing my nail and this place is the worst so far in my life .	686
0	went here today with my 3 kids . this place is so horrible i do not recommend going their it will be the first and the last for my kids . they charged me $ 10.00 for my 1 year old which my 1 year old did not play with anything . also , parents do ni t watch their kids my 7 year old daughter got pushed and the parent and the kids did not say anything ... . i would not give this place even a star and the person that registered us was rude beyond rude can not see anyone as rude as her..	1631
0	very poor service by the waiters and attendants.. gave us empty glasses and did n't even serve water ! came midway through our dinner and took away the remaining empty chairs on our table.. you dont disturb anyone having dinner at a table unless called ! ! ! food was less than average.. overall disastrous experience	600
1	i wanted to get my tahoe ready for winter . the pros here did a great job and did n't try to sell me services not needed . i am very happy to so business with them . ron the service desk manager was fantastic .	76
0	nice ballpark but the team looks like a bunch of quitters that lay down in the late innings . i do n't go to their games anymore . they have n't had a winning season since they deleted their $ 1 seats . they have quite a few ball players with ability but as a team they `` choke '' way too often . what does it tell you about a team that leads the majors in runs scored in the first three innings but has a losing record ( by 5 games at this date ) . this team needs to play baseball every day . if they wo n't play during the game , have team practices after the game ! !	2005
0	they 're closing for lunch and dinner to support a protest in madison ... last time i 'm coming here .	951
0	within a week , my nails began to break and chip . the paint job was n't great . i asked the gentleman not to use the grinder on my nails and he did n't seem to understand me . then the lady came through to paint them and she did not out enough paint or layers on . the best part was the design ... i only came here because all nails in sun prairie was closed and i was in need of a manicure . lesson learned ! i will wait until all nails is open before going anywhere else !	1027
1	trying a new therapist today but all have been great so far ! front desk in the evening is awesome ! helpful and friendly . they really seem to enjoy there jobs ! clean and quiet in lobby . great location to visit	2120
0	brought chicken65 , its pathetic and it is covered with white butter gravy ( not sure what it is )	1540
0	the staff was pleasant , the rooms were as expected for the price . my concern was with the pool area . the sides of the pool where nearly black with grease and gunk . the sides needed to be scrubbed intensely , and the pool itself needed to be cleaned . the amount of chlorine in the pool was overpowering , as i believe it was attempting to compensate for an actual cleaning .	2872
0	service last night was lackluster . sat for 8 minutes before anyone greeted us after being sat . food was very good but had to ask 3 people for more water . we were very disappointed to say the least .	640
1	this is an awesome autozone ! the fact that it is open 24/7 is a huge plus . they have a rewards program so you can earn money back towards future autozone purposes . you can use this reward system at any location ! they have always been great about honoring warranties with no question .	424
1	cool um ein wenig abzukühlen und mal was anders zu machen , anstelle zu spielen oder party ...	2061
1	i 'm here at least once a week , getting gas and grocery shop . its clean , never crazy packed . the only downfall is the food area is really slow sometimes . the pizza is really tasty better than costco .	2172
1	randomly found this place looking for pedicures for 3 people and they had availability right away after going to like 4 other places ! everyone is very nice and for the price of the pedi , it was really great ! ! 20 $ and it was relaxing . my mom and i had holly . sweetest person ever ! : )	2736
0	this owner told my friend that he did n't like her because of the color of her skin . i would not recommend this business to anyone in the area . his behavior was bigoted and unacceptable .	1053
0	service advisor rude . he only wanted to tell me he was right . when i wanted to tell my side of the problem he walked away from me . will not return to berge for anything .	2816
0	went to regis salon to get my hair done last thursday ... .. went in for bayalage and got 1980 orange highlights that bleed and created spots ... .. there reaction was that nothing they did would fix it ! please share # balayagefail # badhighlights # beautyschooldropout # regissalon # regissalonfail	605
0	this place is a joke . my fault for going here again having already experienced their abysmal service . after having my brakes repaired 3 weeks ago , my brakes were squealing even worse than when dropped off . i was told i could not have an appointment for 2 weeks to fix the problem . after convincing them this was worth dealing with more immediately , they turned a 1 hour appointment into a 5.5hrs one . next time buy local and get rinsed by your neighbourhood mechanic instead .	2520
0	prices are rip-off ... battery price installed was $ 50 more than shop immediately next door . owner sammy is rude and offensive to customers .	972
0	worse than ever ! they did not have formula for our daughter . they did not have formula . horrible . also , they sold us a bag of butterfingers which was missing several of the bars . ( just empty individual packs . )	3656
0	they kinda have beer , reminiscent of cooper 's malt extract kit beer , they all kinda tastd the same . service was acceptable just stick to mixed drinks .	670
1	first time i came here , i ordered three things but only got two , the guy fixed it right away , i had my credit card out to pay but he said i was ok : ) i would 've left a tip but i had no cash on me : ( food was too hot but yummy and my smoothie was perfect ! thanks guys	2095
1	i really do keep meaning to go for free line dance lessons . good prices , no cover , excellent happy hour , lots of crowd variety . fun place to meet up with my friends !	2860
1	came in for brunch today and had a very nice experience . i really like their décor , classic diner style . i got the meatloaf and oh my goodness it was so amazing ! the homemade gravy was to die for ! my friend got the egg mornay i did n't try it but it looked delicious . our server eric was also amazing ! i will definitely be returning soon , for a first time experience i give five stars ! as a side note as we were walking out every single employee that we passes said , `` thank you , have a great day . ''	975
1	i brought my son in with a horrible outbreak of hives from an allergic reaction . it was the weekend and his allergist office was closed . we were signed in and and seen in minutes from walking in the front door ! the staff was professional and super friendly . i have to say we had an amazing experience under the unfortunate circumstances . i would highly recommend this small er to anyone !	350
0	not impressed- they lost my appt and chart . had to wait 45 min .was rushed through with md - area that i wanted taken care of and had concern about was ignored and told to come back again so that they could look at it- then did a quick co2 blow of my fore head for a sun spot and charge a surgery fee of 92.00 - rip off .	2099
0	i signed up from training which i truly regret customer service is the worst i 've seen .	641
0	bleh ... i just had the worst , most watered-down taro bubble tea drink in my life here . she does n't even use a shaker , she scooped a few tablespoons of random powder , spoon-mixed it with some tea and added a heap of ice . i only finished it because i was just so thirsty from walking around in the heat . save your $ 2.50 and use it at any of the other million bubble tea places in this area x_x	3110
0	i 'm sad to report this is simply the worst thai food i 've ever had . i ordered the green curry with tofu and i 'm shocked by how bland it is . i definitely will not be going back .	1450
1	if you want something amazing for the best price , you go to ragstock . simple as that .	1045
1	this is my favorite place to get coffee in the madison area . the atmosphere is warm and welcoming , and the staff is great ! they have the best salted caramel latte and honestly i 'd prefer that any day over a latte at starbucks . their food options are wonderful too !	2516
1	my entire family has been using tony 's services for over 10 years . they are the best . they run a super efficient shop and we get top quality service ! one quick story . our ford expedition was having engine knocks . and i took it in to tony 's and expected to be hit with a big repair bill . tony called back and said the problem was the gas cap . i had lost the original and got a replacement on the internet . turns out it did not have a proper seal and resultant caused the engine knocking . only charge was for a new gas cap . once again ... tony is the best ! !	3924
0	last night we went to roman candle for a family dinner . we had horrible service . after a long long wait we were served burnt pizza with the promise that new pizza would come and we could keep both . the pizza was not worth the money . we wo n't be returning .	218
1	just brought my acura in for the gold car wash and not only was treated exceptionally by everyone but received the best interior/exterior car wash ever ! thank you for a great car wash and exceptional treatment !	2359
1	probably the best dim sum i have ever had . the quality of the ingredients was superb . great variety of flavors and textures . not your typical venue . obviously reflects the celebrity chef owner . prices reflects the location and surroundings . expensive .	1441
1	great food . we started with the beef yorkie . fantastic . i had the butter chicken and it was better than most idian restaurants . i was also with a business associate and he had the ruban sandwich . he said it was great and recommended it to his friend who arrived after we finished eating . as the place got busier , the service started to decline . this location only has bar top tables inside . there is two patios . one on the ground floor and one on the roof . i hear the upstairs patio has a limited menu . overall , we agreed that we would return again .	97
0	this amtrak station is in need of a face lift ! it is very dingy and outdated looking , which is surprising because it is underneath one of the most prestigious address in downtown pittsburgh ! the employees were friendly and helpful , which was nice , and our train came on time which is really the most important thing !	3601
0	they do not have authentic indian style dosa 's . they cater more to the sri lankan customers . the idllis are also not fresh , most of the times they are very hard and stale . the sambhar for the dosa is very thick which is not how it is supposed to be .	505
1	paradise bakery is a place to go for consistently tasty sandwiches and salads . this particular one makes their food extra well .	701
0	just moved close by also and wanted to try mr. gs , food . straight up terrible service . wings were good but took forever to come out and on the bar side the bartender was to busy smoking and socializing to even ask for anything . they had a server who was doubling as the delivery driver so she was not even really there and not to mention everything was watered down like the ranch and hot sauce . junk junk junk . a visit from bar rescue would n't even help ...	86
1	i came here to get my hair done and was really happy with my experience . sarah did a great job cutting and styling my hair . all of the employees were really friendly and this was a great environment to get my hair cut in . i will definitely go back to see her again . they provide customers with a great experience from the ambiance and atmosphere , to the bubbly and fun attitudes of the employees . you can tell everyone enjoys working here and it 's a great salon to get your hair or makeup done . they also sell lots of jewelry made by local designers . this salon is worth checking out .	533
1	i have been amember of this church since 1972 . it is a wonderful , love inspired , welcoming church , do not believe the negative posts , some people just do n't get it i guess . it has 900 seats and is full every sunday . i love this church and it is my home ... .ruth	1899
0	my experience was mediocre . the color came out good . however when i tell someone how to cut my hair i want it that way . i think this person did not have the experience , skill set , or listening skills to accomplish the cut . i did n't appreciate that she finish doing laundry instead of efficiently taking care of me so i am not there longer than necessary .	2908
1	i love this church the energy within the church is unreal and the holy spirit is deafly in this place . if you 're looking for a church with real people this is the place stop in and visit	3167
0	said they welcomed walk ins then when they did n't have anyone there to do 2 sets made remarks about waiting til the last minute to get them done	2008
0	this place does n't deserve a star , but had to click for comment to post ! what a rip-off ! ! ! what i ordered was n't the same as pictured in the filipino newspapers . ordered the fishballs which did n't taste like the ones sold along the `` streets in the philippines '' as barkada claims . and this was the ultimate rip-off , i was charged $ 4.00 for 4 pcs . of banana cue on a stick ( 1 pc of banana cue = $ 1.00 ) and those tasted bad , so customers beware !	817
0	laser away is a scam in my opinion . i will never step foot in this establishment again and suggest you do the same ! the sales lady is extremely pushy and convinced me to purchase a 3 part series of a laser facial and cost me a whopping $ 1500 . i received botox as a promotion but never used it all and when i called to schedule my remaining cc 's `` they did n't know what i was talking about . '' gina told me nothing was in my charts for `` remaining cc 's '' what a load ! beware of this malpractice ! !	366
0	the people here are kind of rude . i asked multiple times how long the wait would be for a nail fill . the workers talked amongst themselves and never gave me an answer or they act like they dont hear you and walk away . then because a local/loyal customer came in they served her first ... . ive been here for an hour . i will def not be tipping .	2686
0	just left this place lived there for 2 years just as i expected they will keep your deposit when u move plus add hidden fees .. a/c units are old and ghetto rigged always leak bad maintenance is a joke wo n't give u a time they just wan na go into your home when your not there ... .do n't believe me just see how friendly tina in the office is !	3665
0	went in for `` reflexology '' and received a foot massage . i do not believe that anyone at this place even knows the meaning of reflexology . i read other people 's reviews and i have to assume that they are reviewing a foot massage and not reflexology . that being said , it is a quiet and relaxing place and the massage is inexpensive and feels nice . the only reason i 'm giving 2 stars is because we specifically requested reflexology and not a foot massage .	2970
0	tried this place for the first time today and had the sweet potato bowl . the food was pretty good , but i was really disappointed by the tea selection . they did n't even have a basic black breakfast tea and most tea was green or caffeine free . as a non coffee drinker this is a big deal . i do n't think that i will be back .	2516
0	lots of workers . wait time was quick . new place , looks great . but ... .fries were limp . lemonade is so fresh squeezed its like sucking on a whole lemon , i could n't drink it . chicken fingers were like anywhere else in town . not sure if i 'll go back .	998
0	paid $ 80 for 2 applications & never heard back . it 's safe to assume we did n't get the house but a response would be nice . enjoy our money !	3512
0	i went with a party of 6 on a lazy and hot sunday afternoon ... no ac on a hot day . : ( out of 3 of their 5 beers . : ( no jalapeno beer . : ( ( seriously if they would have had full taps i would have been fine with the no ac ) food trucks not there on sunday ( and they do n't serve food ) : ( will have to try again and give a second chance ( on a different day of the week ! ) -but i will call ahead and make sure they have their beers on tap this time !	993
0	had higher expectations of this place . i got the grass jelly with coconut milk and mango but the mango was sour and grass jelly tasted like store bought even though the menu stated it was homemade . overall , below average and would not come back .	1062
0	not much flavor . awful service . the food did not taste that great , i 'll be on the look out for another vietnamese restaurant .	673
1	i just want to thank matt , he was very friendly and helpful , i been having issues with my billing and he was able to help me and walk me through everything , it was very clean inside the store and everyone was polite . thank you matt if you ever have questions or need help with your phone you should definitely go to this store .	1237
1	this place is everything ! ! the histess stephanie was sweet as pie . tracy did my mani & pedi and i feel like a princess . this is my nail spa now . never thought paraffin in the summer ( feet ) would feel so good ! and my nail designs are off the chain	1316
1	called needing a birthday cake same day . this bakery surprised me , they are really good ! i said i wanted something with reeses peanut butter cups because that 's the bday boy 's favorite . they did n't have anything but said she could make something up . picked up the same day and it looked awesome ! i added a photo . it says `` happy birthday jeff ''	1097
0	definitely watch your back . i had the same problem with this dentist office and the insurance `` issues '' . the billing manager , clara was very rude and will argue with you and refuses to help you . nina should take over her job . my husband and i got bills that our insurance already took care of . they denied receiving payment and tried to give us the runaround for a month and a half . i call fraudulent activity and will no longer go here after this is settled . the work they do is good but they will take you for your money and the office staff does n't pay attention . save yourself the headache .	1855
0	$ 15 to get in , and $ 2 each for tacos smaller than the palm of my hand ? i do n't think so . i went to the festival on saturday and was appalled at the lines for everything - especially for the `` tokens '' which you have to get in order to buy anything ! ( 1 token = $ 2 ) . the tacos i had were nothing special . i left hungry after spending $ 25 total . this event is the biggest ripoff ever .	1392
1	good food , service is slow but they are very nice , prices are right . great addition to mint hill food !	189
1	very pleased with all the dishes we ordered . food fash tastefull and fresh as well as the orange juice . service was great and fast .	243
0	this place is just ok for my purposes . its close to my parents house when i am in town . the weight room is small , but the equipment is in decent condition . cardio area has up to date machines . if the weather is good , i usually make the trip to fitworks in parma .	1620
0	walked in , told the greeter i do n't have a membership and i wanted just to look around at products they carried to see if i wanted to join . she said i needed a day membership . i said okay she showed me to the customer service line . 10 people waiting in line . i stood there for about two minutes listening to the customers problems . i just could n't take anymore and i walked out . the greater asked what happened where you going . i answered i 'm not waiting in that line , my time 's worth more . she responded with that 's too bad . i 'm glad i did n't choose to become a customer here .	2172
0	medicore , greasy pizza . i do n't think they even have a bottle of olive oil in their kitchen as none could be tasted on my pizza . there were 3 young , under-worked employees behind the counter chatting and playing with their phones , and one over-worked cook in the kitchen . there were a couple eating , one couple waiting for take-out and me . it took 20 minutes for me to receive the `` slice ' i ordered . does the jimmy & joe 's dress code encourage the wearing of sweatpants for their counter help ? why ca n't i order a slice with no drink at a lower price than the slice with beverage that they offer ?	417
0	signed for a pool with dolphin the 1st week of january 2013 . it was n't finished until end of may after many promises to be done months earlier . horrible customer service and follow up ! still waiting weeks now for punch list items to be completed . i spent over $ 35k with dolphin pools and have never felt like they appreciated my business or wanted me as a customer . i would avoid dolphin pools at all costs regardless of the price or package they quote . they simply do not care ...	3541
1	recently moved here from ca and was dreading the search of finding a new primary care physician , however i came across dr. hall and he is excellent . he is extremely patient , understanding , and knowledgeable . he answered all my questions and concerns with confident answers , in words that a former marine could understand . it is hard to find trust in a dr you just met , however i feel confident in dr. hall and glad he is my primary doctor . i would highly recommend dr. hall .	356
1	i love the fritz been staying there for my last 5 trips to vegas and believe its the best hotel downtown for the money . the hotel is older but nice clean and the staff are the best . last time there asked for a corner room i was put on the 27th floor had a great view . i do miss the coffee pot in the room . the elevators are fast the view bar has home time feeling . had some luck in the casino not a lot but enough to have a good time .	2500
1	probably one of the most unique spa experiences i 've had . i had the one hour reflexology ( whole body ) plus shampoo . the head massage is fantastic ! ask for jenny -- she does a great job !	2399
1	i love this place and the positive atmosphere . the trainers are knowledgeable and were able to really help me ( a person who is lost otherwise in a gym ) .	641
0	upon reading all the great reviews , i decided to give it a try . honestly , not sure how they even had so many good reviews . there was only two staff members working . i will say the nail tech i did have was very nice ! unfortunately , i could tell the polish was very old , she needed to add to the bottle . also , the selection of polish , is lacking in every way . the establishment could use a overall good cleaning and good makeover ! not good environment to relax in . sorry , just speaking option !	1637
1	hands down one of the best croissants i 've ever had exists here . it 's on my way to work so sometimes i stop in and grab a coffee and pastry to go . i 've also stopped in midday . oddly every time i 've gone in it looks a bit empty and understocked . the food is good but the environment leaves a bit to be desired .	1160
0	one star is far too many . while they do offer a hookah buffet for 10 $ , it 's like a prison offering a bologna sandwich buffet . the bowls are poorly-packed lasting about 20 mins max . the staff has no idea what they 're doing and it takes them an hour to change a bowl that 's literally unsmokable . the music is like a middle school dance , and not to mention when i told the employee there was no toilet paper or paper towels in the bathroom he just shrugged his shoulders at me . avoid this place at all costs .	3013
0	the service was atrocious . had tomatoes in my coke , the food was shit at best and that 's an insult to shit . it really ruffles my feathers that people could be so dumb . in the wise words of gordon ramsey , where 's the lamb sauce ?	383
1	went here with a large group of ladies for a girl 's night out . the staff was attentive and fun . our food came out quite quickly considering it was a saturday night and the restaurant was packed . the food itself was so good . i will definitely return !	240
0	this pizza is hit or miss and at this location , its been mostly a miss . i absolutely hate pizza that is spicy . why are they putting chile flakes on a slice of cheese pizza ? its not mexican food . if you want to put chile flakes on a pizza , they should have some chile flakes at the table . this spot is so tiny that it really is not all that pleasant to eat inside . the jimmy and joe 's located on dobson in mesa is better .	417
1	wow , what a experience ! you have come see it youself , it is a must see store in charlotte . if you are into asian stuff , you will probably find what you are looking for here .	1963
1	i do n't care how bad the service is or how weird some of the customers in there but when i can find things with huge reductions and still great quality i give it 5 stars . i mean nice dress shirts : check ties : check ipod charger : check chuck taylor 's : check pots and pans : check all cheap : chachacheck five stars hand down	1678
1	employees : 5 stars - fantastic . seriously , what do they feed them before their shifts because they are a happy , cheerful bunch . cleanliness : 5 stars - they do keep the place clean and that is a huge plus in a store that sells food . food court : 3 starts - really , you got rid of chocolate frozen yogurt ? what are you a communist ? ? ? everyone loves chocolate .	3884
1	since i am writing reviews for cab companies now ... i will write about the best cab company in the city . unfortunately , they will not pick you up from outside montreal , but if possible i would use these guys first . the drivers are always courteous , they do not fuss , complain , or fight me when i use my credit card , ( unlike most other cab drivers in montreal i 've used ) . they take me the quickest way , even though i probably seem like a tourist when i am downtown . i use this company a few times a month and would highly recommend them .	3011
1	this is a great place ! a little getaway . i have been here for a family get together they have rooms that have casitas ... so nice ! if i want some alone time ( or not ) lol : ) ! i 'm here fo sho !	3916
0	it is simply a big knockoff store ! ! ! will never shop here ! ! !	1594
1	awesome customer service and very low pricing . also open when most other locksmiths were closed for the day .	1559
0	this is place is way over priced and filled with rich college students who spend their parents money at will . we picked up some chocolate covered raisins only to bite into them and find out they were peanut butter . woah . peanut allergies are a serious thing ( and my brother in law has one ) and we let them know about the accident .	1914
1	we 've eaten here twice now and enjoyed it both times . my 9-year old daughter loves the rice . the black beans are perfectly cooked and delicious on their own or with the rice . i got the same thing both times because it was so good - both vegetarion options as tostadas . the guacamole and salsas are very yummy and the chips are some root vegetable that i ca n't recall but they were perfectly crisp and delicious with the salsa and guac . it 's byob . we 'll definitely be going back .	1358
0	so my wife and i really like the cheese steaks , but the people behind the counter are horrible . it is definitely a family business since one or two of the people behind the counter are teenagers . to top it off , there always seems to be a loud family `` discussion '' ( fight ) everyone we are waiting . waiting and waiting and waiting ... . really slow service .	777
1	dr. limkemann and staff are bringing back the family practice . thankful to have found them . truly compassionate , caring dr and pa 's and ma 's here . they take the time needed to really understand concerns as well as educate the patient . i appreciate that the staff knows us , remembers our history and understands and regards each of us as a whole person without judgment . it is so refreshing . keep up the great work !	2991
1	my husband and i bought new dining room furniture . jett took such good care of us ! he helped us find just the right pieces . we love how everything looks in our home and ca n't thank jett enough for his help ! also , the furniture was delivered as planned with no problems . we will definitely be back to see jett when we are ready to redo another room .	1442
0	just called spoke to antoinette she attempted to transfer me to a company in tempe i live on bell rd in north phoenix and to top it off the call was n't even transferred she connected me and the line said it could not be completed as dialed.. searching elsewhere now..	3663
1	although you pay a pretty penny the work is worth it . it 's art ! we got armando he was legit , professional as well as very knowledgeable the staff was very friendly . my husband and i are very happy with the work . definitely going back for any future tattoos .	2912
1	we have recently become a land rover family , with both an lr4 and rrs , so this location has helped us with everything from questions to accessories , and services . thank goodness for the amazing service department , and robert in particular , for the expert knowledge and excellent attention . fitting us in and taking care of us like we were family . ca n't tell you how easy and stress-free it is when you know you are receiving the best service in town . these folks earn our business everytime .	2659
1	did n't think we would ever deal with a car dealer in arizona again after our last experience but we did and we left happy . thank you nick cicala !	2210
1	tucked inside the lobby of the holiday inn express next to the pnc building , sammy 's is a little diner that serves up breakfast and lunch staples for prices that do n't break the bank . one of the few downtown breakfast places open on saturday , i was glad sammy 's was as good as it is convenient . bacon here is crisp , potatoes are better than huran st diner and my heart is still true to the people at pjs but this is definitely where you 'll find me the next saturday morning i get a taste for eating breakfast out in the east 4th neighborhood .	990
0	it 's crazy to think how you guys keep customers , raising prices as much as you do . i am so happy i will not be using this place anymore . renting a small storage and raising the price as much as you do is so ridiculous especially to the people who have been with you for so long . it 's been 5 years that i have had this storage and i always pay my monthly bill . finally glad to be moving my things out of this place ! ! !	928
1	people who run this place are really nice . always helpful . they saw me loading my laundry and suggested a way to save me money . the machines are less expensive than other laundromat a in the area .	3258
0	i always come here & get the best customer service , but today was horrible i waited almost 3hours for them to finish my nails nd toes definitely not going back to this nail salon	1829
0	ordered a burger , took 30 minutes and it came out with a burnt bun . sent it back , they replaced half the bun not seeing the other half was also burned . by this time my date was done eating . requested a box and left without eating . pretty disappointed . wo n't go back .	951
1	i was young . it was my first beer out in the real world . i had a yuengling in a bottle . i felt cool . i was cool . we smoked indoors . ( do they still allow that ! ? ) and listened to juke box music in the 50 's style diner-esque booths with quiet conversation amongst friends . beyond the cool interior , kelly 's has good food , cheap happy hours and has n't changed a bit . i miss my good ol ' local spot . kelly 's will always hold a special place in my heart .	279
1	we went the first week it was opened . while most places have excuses during a grand opening , none needed for this place . the service was excellent and so was the food . i went in to eat but i did notice the drive up was moving fast as the servers went back and forth . the staff worked like a team to provide customers a no wait visit . keep up the good work .	862
0	i went in and within 3 minutes selected two pairs of shoes ; i asked for them in two sizes . the sales clerk disappeared - came back without shoes and walked past me . joe completely ignored me . the store was not crowded . he simply did n't feel like helping . this is not the first time i have experienced below par service here - but this was the absolute worst . i went to nike and ended up buy	2557
0	use uber ! use uber ! ! ! this company does not follow-through with reservations . we had a pick up set for early in the morning to catch the first flight out of town ... .. no showed on us . even though we got email confirmations for the pick up . thank god for uber ! ! ! even at 5am last minute , they were available and dependable	52
1	un genre de `` self serve '' de pâtisseries hongkongaises . les prix sont abordables et en plus , c'est vraiment bon ! on voit fréquemment les employés remplir les présentoirs de pâtisseries fraichement cuites , ça prouve au moins qu'il y a un bon roulement de produits et qu'ils trainent pas sur les tablettes plusieurs jours . je n'ai goûté qu'aux pâtisseries sucrées , mais ils en ont aussi pas mal à base de viande pour les repas , c'est à essayer si vous êtes curieux !	2211
1	date & time : friday november 14 , 2014 @ 2am location ; sls casino level scene : groups of guys in fitted shirts music : edm decor : black , white , red pizzeria w. chalkboard walls , red leather booths service : friendly guys imbibe : vanilla , cherry , strawberry cola devour : neapolitan pizza total : $ 20	282
0	i have n't had many massages so i '' m not to hard to please but i was pretty disappointed with my experience here . the massage was ok but had many distractions and seemed undedicated , but i get the impression my therapist was new . the room was super bright until after i was already on the table and the therapist came back in , and i could here people talking in the hall and the waiting room throughout most of my massage . i also found the front waiting room very awkward and small and not the appropriate place to be reviewing a person 's personal details before taking them back for their massage . wo n't go again .	3733
1	amazing service . took a couple of their cabs while here on vacation with friends . great drivers , great driving , just great experiences .	3142
1	diana and miguel just made my day ! ! nicest people and fabulous team ! ! i will be back : )	1214
1	dawn is amazing . i 've been getting laser hair removal at another place for years , and never had the type of results i have since i 've been coming to her . she listens to your concerns and is thorough with her work . i ca n't say enough great things about dawn and simplicity laser : )	343
0	well ... that have corn beef hash . that 's about the extent of this place . if you are n't picky about your food or service , stop on in ! gravy is horribly watery . do yourself a favor and go to ihop . at least you know what you 're getting	672
1	rainforest plumbing is the best service experience i have ever had ! the plumber that came to fix my shower drain problem was awesome ! they even have a total up front contract before they start the work . i knew exactly how long it would take and how much it would cost before they even started working on my drain . everyone company should do this !	2775
0	it took about 20 minutes to make my wrap and when i get back to my office i see the lettuce is completely old and wilted . i understand this is a warm wrap but it should not wilt by the time i get back to my office ( 5 minute drive ) and open it . i am very disappointed that they supposedly pride themselves on being a wellness cafe . not cool . i posted a pic as well .	1422
0	if you intend to come as a group , you might want to think again . the owner can be extremely unfriendly to groups and seems to have a particular dislike for groups of bicyclists .	353
1	everyone here is fabulous . especially joe the super in charge of our job . he took the trouble to do some digging ( literally ) to investigate whether we could get our in-ground pool cleaner working . thom andreozzi is a great salesperson and gave us great follow-up which helped seal the deal . so far everything is going great on our pool remodel .	3541
0	worst starbucks ever . i went through the drive thru , ordered a sandwich , they asked me to pull up front the sandwich was n't ready yet and they would bring it out to me . no one ever came outside , finally went inside after 10 min and the sandwich was n't even made yet . never got my sandwich or a refund .	2849
1	looks like an old taco bell from the outside , but so glad we came here ! food is delicious , with a local beer and 2 on tap , besides other choices . the young man taking orders patiently explains the differences of the burgers and sauces . we had the kinoko burger and jazz fries . they were excellent ! we met the owner cleaning the tables . he explained that he tries to source as much as he can from local purveyors . ladies ' room was also nice and clean . we will definitely be back !	964
1	dinner for two tonight . we shared the crispy eggplant and inhouse made potato chips . loved the eggplant but was n't as crazy for the chips . our server was pleasant and non-intrusive . i had the rainbow trout and my friend had the duck breast . the duck tasted amazing and my fish was yummy and very well presented . as always , i 've never disappointed here ! ! !	1079
0	one of my favorite stores is guilty of one of my biggest beefs : workers that are sweeping the floors should either wash their hands or take off their gloves before bagging groceries . it 's gross and unhygienic not to .	2819
1	great chinese restaurant . i have been there several times , the food is good . if you want to try the original chinese taste you should go there ! highly recommend the noddle and cold dishes .	1329
1	love love love this place ! everyone here does such a great job and are so friendly as well ! best nail spa by far in vegas : ) christina is awesome and even does permanent make up ! she does my brows and they are amazing ! i ca n't talk up this place enough ! ! !	544
0	after over hearing the way dr. hechko was lecturing his employee in an obnoxius way , i wo n't ever return to this clinic . i highly recommend everyone taking their animals to a clinic where the doctor treats the employees like adults and not like animals . i can only imagine the turnover this clinic has ... it 's got to be off the charts dealing with a doctor disrespecting employees .	2770
1	the best carne asada ... i have tried many places in the phoenix-metro and this place rocks ! its flavorful and tender ! we always get for nascar and grill up with tortillas and potatoes , the next morning i scramble it in with eggs and potatoes and add salsa and it gets even better ! we make special trips to tempe just to get !	3764
0	this is an update on my experience staying there a month ago ... . our stuff got stolen out of the room and managment knows for certain there was extra keys made after we already checked in ... we were told they will be reimbursing for a certain amount after arguing with them for over a month . but have yet to see a pennie and at thus point i do n't care i just need to do the right thing and worn people that they have a thief on the inside . so if u wan na risk getting your stuff taken stay here but i do n't recommend it to my worst enemy	3091
1	my last visit here was such a change from the usual greeting/service i usually receive . my threader was an older woman and showed me that my eyebrows were n't even arch-wise ... she told me it 's strange nobody pointed it out previously . luckily she did ! she is now my official threader , helping me even out my arches and recommending castor oil to thicken my brows and lashes .	460
1	fantastic ! ! we loved the entire show - the acts between set changes were phenomenal , too . that theater is amazing and with all the stuff coming out of ceiling , from the floor and along the sides , its amazing that the execution looks so flawless . all the movement stayed just this side of sensory overload and then the numbers would slow down or it would be time for a set change . the 2 men acrobatics was unbelievable , as well as the guy spinning the metal , and the aerialist - not sure if i left anyone out . will likely return when we have guests visiting us .	3069
0	as stated in other reviews , the service was good but at least double what it should be . i was charged for an entire truck ( $ 558- $ 30 coupon ) load of yard debris despite the fact that there were already some items in the truck . this was a very small truck ! i would need at least another half truck to complete the removal . they really do n't seem to be equipped to efficiently handle this kind of junk and maximize the space . i will never use them again . consumer beware ! !	3663
1	i love this location ! staff is always friendly and they try to remember me and my requests . drive thru is the fastest i 've seen . my order is always correct , served with a smile and a warm friendly greeting . thank you , i appreciate all of you !	2849
1	toronto housecalls is awesome . i 'm a huge fan of doctor home visit service , if i ca n't see my regular family doctor because it 's after hours or weekends , i would much rather wait with my kids at home instead of a crowded walk-in with other sick people sharing germs . i 've used another service for years , but , unhappy with their service , decided to try toronto housecalls out . i am so happy i did , and i 've used the service three times now . their doctors are friendly and knowledgeable . i am really happy to have discovered them and highly recommend toronto housecalls .	723
1	love this place ! always have the best service when i come here , it feels like a family run restaurant . intimate ambiance with a modern look . the food is excellent , i always get the pad se ew and it never disappoints !	1366
0	if you like sweet burgers this place is for you . i had the tamago burger which was really sweet , did n't taste no wabasi . the bun and burger patti itself was amazing . my husband had the karai burger which was there spicy burger , once again super sweet and no spice at all . garlic fries and there crazy sauce was pretty good . we like trying new burger places but this was n't a favorite for us . service was great and the place and decor was nice .	964
0	the food is good but it 's to expensive ! ! it 's they lowered their prices i would for sure be a regular . but i am not going to spend 18 dollars for one person for dinner ! i can go to o outback and get a steak for cheaper than that . the food is good but not worth it	875
0	ordered take out lemon chicken blah doughy ! , sweet sour shrimp thick flour coating , and 1/2 duck ! ! $ 36 barely eatable . called to discuss with owner she comes on says we been here 26 years and wont let me discuss issue , no wonder not 1 table on saturday night at 6pm ! ! was good in past but this time no so ! ! ! ! hope they teach cooks to cook properly . not again	1103
1	really fresh ingredients , really tasty mix of deliciousness wrapped up in a pita . i 've had their chicken shawarma three times and i love it so much . i 've had their philly cheesecake and it is so good . i like everything about this place except for the price . i find their pita sandwiches to be on the pricey side at just under $ 6 for a regular and just under $ 9 for a large . i find that price is hard to justify for a sandwhich but then again , they are soooo good and healthy too !	1019
1	good clean hotel . no smoking or casinos inside the place so great if you want to get away from the action . strange location though surrounded by huge parking lots and abandoned hotels . great happy hour at the bar and free breakfast .	3253
1	great place and close to my house . i use to drive across town to get alterations done and i 'm glad i checked this place out . they have a quick turn around time and get you in and out during your fittings .	2982
0	the only complaint i have is that the manager who came to help cut fabric was super rude ! ! we were buying at least $ 200 worth of fabric as a group , and the manager was pissed off that she apparently had to help cut fabric . she also did n't cut to the lengths that were needed and did n't offer remnants at the end of the bolt . that is not proper customer service and it made our experience not enjoyable . we will not be coming back to this joann 's .	3876
0	i came in yesterday to withdraw from my loan and the chick looked new and asked if i had my car with me . take it i live 20 mins away and have my kids with me and i have never been asked that after years having to take out loans here and there . what an inconvenience . she did n't ever pull up any account information . i will not be doing business here because of the bad experience . i will stick with the one in north phnx .	1726
0	has the tranquility of a doctors office , my facial experience was n't good at all ... first off the person suppose to do it on me was n't the correct person , second his phone was going off without any apologies and how are you suppose to relax ? and third i did n't see his license on the wall ? i saw a license from the person i was suppose to get it done and that did n't make me feel reassured . honestly he did n't have any knowledge of the product of the facial nor get to my pores and blackheads . i do n't recommend it at all .	306
1	since opening i 've tried countless combinations and their staff was extremely cooperative with my wacky but delicious creations . at ted 's they have a wide variety of fishes and fried foods to choose from ranging from fresh fish to salmon skin and fried tofu . all really fresh and the fried foods are actually crunchy compared to other sushi burrito places . i 've been coming at least 3-4 times a week and it never gets boring . definitely recommend the burdock roots !	1354
1	i had the pleasure of working with manager gary ! excellent customer service..superb service . stated just the facts..did not try to upsell services that were not needed . keep up the great work !	2212
1	tryst has become a `` home away from home '' for me and my friends in the nightclub scene . somehow we always end up at tryst but it has n't ever disappointed . it is a decent size , good music ( both floors are open on saturdays ) and is always busy . the washrooms could use some work but the washroom attendant , teresa , is so sweet ! the interior looks like any other nightclub , nothing exceptional . if you want an affordable night out ( ladies usually free before midnight ) with good music , tryst is your go-to . if you want more of an elegant club , muzik is your spot .	1449
0	was expecting more than paper plates and plastic silverware . waffles were dry and my kids immediately said we should have stayed home and made waffles there . the coffee was weak as well . not a great start for our morning !	580
0	this place is closed . please remove from the list . i saw the store on yelp and i went in . it switched to a different business .	3514
0	what is wrong with you people that you thought you could trick me into stepping foot into this place to be fed overpriced sick sick drinks ? ! ? !	637
0	i need some material , so i went to jo-ann . first time to the dobson one . i got a fabric that was mark with a green tag 9.99 . but no the lady looks at the chicken scratches on the other side bunched in some numbers and was like oh this is 14.99 . but down load a coupon online and get it 50 % off . i was like ok. then i get to the front and it is an exclusion to the coupon . fu old ladies .	3943
0	i prefer petsmart better because they have a better selection and prices . i like petco for their cookie bar so i can pick up some cookies that are friendly for pets for my pets . that 's basically it , i only shop here on occasion because of the location . go to pets inc in tempe instead for a real shopping experience .	2822
1	i have to say i have been into this location only a handful of times . however i have ordered catering for my company many times . not only did they agree to deliver to my location outside of richmond hill but i am continually happy at the level of service , quality of the food , presentation , and quick delivery . they always call to confirm my order and confirm delivery time . this helps a lot when i am running around getting things ready for my client meetings . i know i do not have to worry about the food . my clients are always giving me compliments on the food : )	251
1	really nice and spacious , and the customer service is great ! i just do n't like how the vip area is limited to only 18+ , but i love the restaurants around the theatre ! really convenient for eating dinner right after you watch a movie .	884
0	watch out for their drivers on the highway cutting into the carpool lane with no turn signal at 80 miles an hour especially when it 's 3 pm and no carpoolers are allowed to use it . kind of ridiculous to put your company name all over the vehicle that you drive like an inconsiderate psychopath	3479
0	i 'm the middle of a shady area . food was over priced . too far to go for really a average burger	452
0	unfortunately they have n't received any merchandise this year selection is not that good anymore yeah they got a couple nice jeans size 44 sorry i offended people that wear size 44 they do n't care too much about what they wear sorry i hope i did n't offend any big boys please ross stock your stores	3778
1	been trying to come here for months and i finally got the chance to go ! i love the vibes with the music and the decor , it 's just super modern and very spacious ! i got the infamous meatball cone , of course , and it was soooo good . the cone was very chewy and went well with the meatballs and pasta . i also got a chicken pesto panini and the caprese pesto panini , both of which were pretty good . i would like to say that everything was on the pricier side though . the menu is pretty small with only a select few options . i would still totally come back though !	712
1	this is one of the best restaurants in toronto . they have a great all you can eat menu but very high quality food . we go there all the time with family and friends . prices are reasonable considering the quality and variety of the menu .	1362
1	stopped for lunch in our way to dc . great sandwiches and lived the chicken tortilla soup . was brought out at the perfect temperature . friendly staff and good service . the place was full ; seems to be a local favorite !	1367
0	all i can say about this store is the store manager is a complete asshole . he accused me of hacking straming devices because i wanted to buy more than 2 . i went to this best buy because it was the only store that had what i wanted and i i was not able to buy because the store manager would not let me . do not shop here if you are going to but more than 1 of somthing . again ... the store manager is an asshole and likes to accuse people of wrong doing .	3192
0	the pizza was absolutely terrible , the sauce bland , the crust was like thick cardboard and the employees were truly terrible to deal with . spend your money elsewhere , you 'll be glad you did .	789
0	disgusting . the appliances are cheap and get dirty easily . i feel like i 'm living in a motel . currently we 've got a bug infestation . they 're in the fridge even in the bathroom . so disgusting priced as if they were penthouses look and feel like cheap motels . loud neighbors , rude , office has done nothing about the noise . do n't waste your money . do n't waste your money on this piece of junk . loud and filthy .	3475
0	after seeing this on anthony bourdain , we had high hopes . boy , were we disappointed . i do n't care that the food was n't authentic . but the awkward combination of flavors in our mushy , poorly prepared dishes betrayed a complete lack of mastery that made us rethink our planned restaurant itinerary . i was sorry to waste a meal in this wonderful city at this establishment . with so many great restaurants in montreal , do n't waste your time at a place so mediocre .	1582
0	new bus for uw hospital shuttle but pm shuttles have not been on time yet . waiting half hour currently	3132
1	if u happen to come here on a saturday for passport ( s ) make sure they have someone here that is helping out that day otherwise u will be standing in line for nothing . also the back line is the passport line . everyone in this post to office is very nice and the people here r very informative .	1913
1	just visited freddie 's for the first time today and i can honestly say this was the best nutrition store i have visited in a long time . the staff were amazing and honest regarding their products and they carry a large variety of products that are all high quality . i am vegan and buy organic and non gmo when ever possible- there were tons of options for proteins , snacks and even skin care that catered to my lifestyle . did i mention the staff where extremely nice and knowledge : ) two thumbs up and i will definitely be back !	3691
0	had them come out for there annual service , tech told me that my furnace was not working properly and needed to be replaced for 14k i told him that i just wanted service that everything was working ok he tried to keep hard selling me a new unit and keep telling me how mine was not working . this service call cost me $ 49 dollars and i still did not get the service just a con and hard sell for a new unit i do not need .	1718
1	i love new york bagels and bialys in scottsdale ! i love the food and the wait staff ! it does n't get much better than eating at new york bagels and bialys !	325
0	worst company ever to deal with ! ! ! please avoid this for sure , they try to refer you to their connected doctors to inflate the treatments . stop over treating ! ! ! !	1466
0	corey was really nice . he was very personable with his customers . unfortunately , i was unimpressed with the quality of my beverage . neither my nor my friend 's tea was shaken . if you 've ever had an unshaken tea compared to a shaken one , you 'd notice a huge difference . my largest concern is if they 're making a simple tea incorrectly , there must be larger issues .	2242
1	loved how nice the staff was , my dog grady seemed to have really liked it a lot there . definitely will use them in my future trips here .	1830
1	i highly recommend this panda location . food is excellent ! price is very reasonable . very good sized helpings . fresh & delicious ! very clean restaurant . friendly staff . healthy `` fast food '' . its not fast food , its really nutritional & deliscious ! im a big fan of panda here in ohio , ca & other states . been eating panda for over twenty years . you 'll be addicted from the first time !	1075
1	i am so happy i went to check out swina finally ! i was way overdue for a facial and my skin is still trying to get adjusted to this dry weather out here ! i had such a good experience with corina , my esthetician . what a sweetheart ! . she was knowledgeable and personable with a gentle touch . i loved that i was offered a hand and foot massage during my facial . the product recommendations were on point and there were no pushy sales tactics . my skin felt hydrated , moisturized and clean when i left . looking forward to my next facial : )	1701
0	i hate how they fight with you with shots . i 'm there for shots , then give my son shot . do n't tell me to wait when they are due . should be given soon as possible . i 've took both my kids to see both drs ... and the drs sucks ! i loved everything else but the drs .	2221
0	las vegas is like spring break . except all of the people are adults and more pathetic . i was hungover , walking on the strip in 2005 when a hooker asked what i was getting into . i told her i was feeling sick and stay away . she did n't listen . i puked and it almost landed on her shoes . that is the perfect metaphor for las vegas . a prostitute ducking vomit .	315
1	being a repeat customer , i can honestly say that the service and the communication between parties has not changed ! excellent as usual and is never a hassle . people will definitely have a smooth transaction over here . shout out to mark who helped me out ( again ) . always a pleasure to be served with ease . he explained everything accurately . this is my definite spot when it comes to car service !	2392
1	best soon tofu ive ever had . side dishes are great too . kinda in a sketchy area but this place is amazing	22
1	this place is n't as bad as everyone says it is . i had absolutely no problems with checking in , nor did i have any problems with my room . the room was clean , and i did n't see any stains on the carpet in my room . i however did see stains in the hallway , but i 'm not sleeping out there . excellent customer service through and through .	2976
1	very nice staff ! made me feel welcome the minute i walked in the door . i was wary about my dog going because she had n't seemed very comfortable around dogs since i had adopted her , and they made me feel so much better about being apprehensive rather than feeling crazy . they introduced my dog slowly to the other dogs and were so patient and kind and i was so happy when they told me my dog did great and passed her interview ! i am so glad she 's a camper .	3745
1	i just moved down to huntersville nc and could n't find a good italian deli until i found this place . so many people told me to go , so i finally did . what a fantastic place . the butcher had all kinds of cuts ! the deli meats and cheeses were outstanding ! if you go , do n't forget to buy `` little gina 's '' pizzelles ! i just might be going back tomorrow for other items . my husband was pleasantly surprised what i brought home .	283
0	the server was the worst ever . only saw him twice throughout our dinner . had to flag him down on the 2nd time . he gave us our order of oysters after we finished our entrees . oh , and i got food poisoning so i could n't enjoy the rest of my vegas `` vacation . ''	1538
0	incompetent front desk staff ! ! ! she was to lazy to look up my insurance info and sent me on my way with my son who had a bleeding gash in his head . i had my insurance card but not one with my sons name . info is all the same and he should have been in the system from a prior visit .	535
0	service seemed hurried and uninterested , and in the end i had to do additional follow-up with the cra due to a typo on their part . seems like copying the numbers from a t4 should be a no-brainer , but no . too much trouble for a simple return , would not recommend .	3146
1	we always stop in here to see bob , our regular vegas bartender , but he was off the night we stopped in . no royal flushes this time , but the beer is cold .	2688
1	i love this place ! ! i just moved to las vegas and went really for a cup of coffee but when i walked in it had the coolest vibe to it so i decided to sit at the bar and look through a menu . i ended up getting the chicken omelet and ordered my sister the tuna kale eggs benedict . it was all delicious as well as the coffee . they also put a side of plantain chips on your plate that are crisp and very good too	1332
1	the staff has been amazing . there are 7 of us traveling together and even with how busy it is thanksgiving day everyone has been super nice and very helpful . travel is very upbeat today .	3127
1	we 've been very pleased with stuart wakeman in the service department . he 's always been straightforward with us about repairs and has let us know whenever a part or service was covered by warranty , even when we were n't aware of it .	3774
1	open until 2am ! ! ! big deal for me ! i like the location , it 's convenient . their prices are competitive , but the best part ( especially in the summer ) is their well stocked cooler . it almost gets a little crowded , but i do n't mind , people shuffle through carefully and at least they have what i 'm looking for !	3265
0	we had good food and great service at the fusion sushi in kensington so we came here expecting the same . big mistake ! the food was okay . the service was not good at all . they seemed extremely confused by my allergies ( simply asked for nothing to have sesame on it ) . the worst part of all was that the restaurant smelled so bad ! ! ! we were seated in the back portion of the restaurant towards the bar and i 'm really not sure if that was the washroom or the kitchen but either way it made the meal absolutely unpleasant . we 'll probably be back at fusion- but not this location .	515
1	i have been to bonfyre for over 4 years . it 's consistent , which is a good thing . the vibe is always fun with a touch of class but not over the top for those who like to hang out in jeans and fleece . great lunch and dinner specials such as paella , pot roast , salads and chicken pot pies . the seafood dishes have always been my favorite . great wine and cocktail options and do have wine lockers for rent . the beacon lounge is the newest addition to go and hang out , either while waiting for your table or a smaller intimate space to go with your sweetie . well done for keeping it up !	951
1	clean facility with courteous staff . most members have good gym etiquette . if this location was closer to home and work , i would attend here more often . one issue is there 's some gym equipment that 's not available at this location like it is at my regular gym , and vice versa ; they have some equipment that my regular gym facility does n't have . i would definitely recommend this location to someone looking for a good workout .	392
0	did not really like my massage . my lady was rushed , and said it 's a $ 10 tip -__- got the groupon $ 39 for a full body massage for green tea foot soak and sea salt scrub . it was 30 mins in the public room and 30 mins in a private room . she rushed the latter part of my massage and i felt unhappy giving an undeserved $ 10 tip . would n't come back or recommend .	2399
0	i was there on mother 's day , and i came out the same way i went in for a pedicure . they only soak your feet brush and color your toe nail for 40 dollars . is not worth it . i should read the reviews before . here are some pictures that i took just outside of this place .	2686
0	booked appt for 4:45pm , finally got called at 6:45pm . never going back ; not recommended ...	223
1	delicious dim sum and very attentive service . tried a variety of the steamed dumplings which were a decent size , black sesame balls were delicious and piping hot , and pork buns . that said , the prices are very high compared to chinatown . however , if you want a lovely dining atmosphere to go with really good food , then this the place . only care about the food , then heading a few blocks to chinatown will cut your cheque by about one third .	113
0	i bought a desk here and the salesman sold me on the idea that it was easy to put together . once i got it home it was anything but easy . there were 50 pieces and numerous hardware items . when i called they refuse to answer my questions . they said it was my responsibility to put it together . i asked to speak to a supervisor and of course there was n't one available . i was told one would call me back . of course no on called . terrible customer service .	439
0	i really like their men 's department . i like the clothing and the prices . however , the hassle of checking out really makes me dislike shopping there . the men 's department did not have a cashier available so we walked over to appliances . there were 2 customers ah ad of us and 2 cashiers- and it still took 20 minutes for our turn . ( i am not exaggerating ) one lady had one item ! when we asked the cashier to order 2 shirts in a different color than the shirt we brought as an example he said they were out of stock . i 'm kinda confused because i went online and ordered them myself with no issues at all 3/19/18	223
1	this was pretty cool ! i really like the sting wrays and the over head aquarium . some of the fish i had never seen before great for a quick trip to do something fun . would recommend .	706
0	they need a more welcoming approach other than yelling if you have an appointment and to pick your color . yes i know i need to pick a color . just way too abrupt in their first approach . end of the week and weekends never go , it 's all a big rush and not relaxing at all . i do n't think i will go back .	2962
1	love this gym . i come late at night to avoid the crowds . never a wait for a machine . basketball gym is great ! unlike the other 24 hours , there is actually room on the sides of the court to sit and wait for a game , stretch , or rest !	392
1	we had never ate here before . it was amazing . the rosemary sea salt fries were so good . probably one of the best burgers i have had . right up there with 5 guys . service was good too . the young lady waiting on us was friendly and a big smile . a real change for airport food . we will come again .	669
1	my car broke down during rush hour on the south end of the strip . i called my insurance company and they said it would be 90 minutes at the earliest . i asked them to try a few more companies because i did n't want to wait 90 minutes or more . they called a few more places , and phenomenal said they would be there in 60 minutes or less . well , within 50 minutes the tow truck arrived . the driver was polite and professional , and we chatted the whole way to my mechanic . good experience for me .	2010
0	stay away from this place brought our truck for small leak it took them a week after we came to pick it up they said they found more problems and it would take another week also it would cost 5000 $ . scammers ! ! !	3914
1	very nice and friendly staff and quick drive through service . i did n't have any issues with ordering and the wait was not bad at all , i ordered a toasted bagel and two lattes and was in and out within minutes .	3571
1	actually very good for what it is . old style vegas showgirl show and the costumes are outstanding . got the tickets for free through total rewards and just wanted something different to do for `` date night '' and was n't expecting anything spectacular but it turned out to be surprisingly awesome . i just can not say enough how much i loved the costume designs . beautiful . i could do without the singing but all the visuals made up for it . for a free show it gets an a+	3069
0	retarded security asked for idenentification really softly and when we walked passed because we did n't hear him he told us that we was rude and kicked us out instead of just asking us again .	3840
1	hands down best pho ever ! ! ! little pricey but it 's so work it ! i have the beef pho and i added chillie oil and suracha and hoisen sauce . and some lemons ! so so tasty ! best pho i 've had in az and trust me i 've been on a search !	779
1	love this place ! came here for the 1st time & & the staff is super friendly like everybody and they really clean your car by hand : ) youu get to choose from like 15 different air freshner scents ! my car has never looked better ! ! thank youu alamo !	2359
0	be aware of the cheating going on in the service center . i stopped using them when they told me i needed a tire rotation on tires with less that 400 miles on them . my dad got a 2 year free oil change deal when he bought the truck and they told him it expired 4 months before the 2 years was up . do n't trust the service center here .	307
0	the attendant is so rude . i have parked in airport parking all over the us and she ( patricia ) is by far the worst . i will never park here again . there are so many other choices - i will definitely go to others .	2531
1	recently purchased my first home , it 's got a sweet pool ! needed a pool brush , pool net and some shock treatment also . so went to leslie 's and found what i needed but to be cost consciencous i decided to shop around a bit and stumbled across this place . found the same exact items and for way less . the counter help was friendly and helpful . they even offered to come to my home and check the pool for me . even gave me a bottle for the water testing . not a 5 star review as i only visited the location one time . no complaints and no problems here , will definitely be shopping here again .	3699
0	terrible class schedule . there is classes at noon and then a huge break until 4 pm . for how expensive this membership is , it does n't really include much . the schedule is garbage and i 'm always having to drive to the dowd . now the dowd is having renovations and also closed their schedule for 4 hours . what a joke ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	349
0	this is my first and last time visiting this urgent care . the girl at the front desk was rude . there was also a power outage for a few minutes .	2940
0	sitting here again and it 's already been 1 hr and that 's with an appointment . love dr.irons but we need monthly meds and they make us come monthly when other dr 's give 3 months at a time . ..this place is the worst . ... huge waste of time , although it 's conveniently located i 'll be looking for a new dr .	609
1	great medical practice . i have thyroid issues and need to see this doctor on a regular basis . here is some great items i like : 1 . calls to confirm apointments a week in advance . 2 . they answer the phone . 3 . they can look up my info and email me . 4 . professional group of individuals that work here . i do n't know about you , but my past experience is that it is hard to get prescriptions at my regular doctor filled , or someone on the phone . glad these guys stepped it up and seem to be on the ball . keep up the great work !	303
0	terrible service , waited on the phone for 45 minutes , then they ca n't find my rx . never using them again	2827
0	i came here after receiving a recommendation from a carpet cleaning company . when i entered the showroom i was not greeted well . i felt as though i was charged too much for the piece of carpet i purchased . the guy had initially quoted me one price but when he rung me up he charged me another . i will not be back !	3407
0	purchase a at of sample and was charged 4.99 today they charged me 12.99 per qt really riled me off	23
0	my nails look so ugly thick and they already look like i need a fill because they start it my nail so far away from my cuticles . shape i asked for was square-oval and that was n't accomplished . wont be returning	2929
1	we visited for our first time for their show called 'top drag ' . we were told it was really quiet compared to usual crowds but the vibe was great . staff was really professional and friendly . met the bar manager , who was very cool . he was operating the spot light for thee night 's show . stage and dace floor separate from the bar makes floating around fun . we will be going back soon !	2249
1	this is it ! we finally found it ! we were hungry and they fed us well . the stuff were very attentive and friendly . the service and food are phenomenal ! ! perfecto ! ! ! we will definitely coming back to vegas and cebu inasal is on our top list to visit and eat . ( ; we had so much fun , we did karaoke too ! ! this is it !	658
1	i just got eyelash extensions from mimi and i absolutely love them ! ! ! ! ! this place is so nice and clean and the staff was super friendly . i will be back !	2481
1	clean , lots of room , free drinks , and does n't smell like nasty smoke ( well at least not as much as there casinos ) . i barely bet on sports when i 'm in vegas , but when you 're there with someone who knows what 's up it 's fun .	2271
1	they do good nails prices are okay . should probably make a appointment they are usually packed ! love my coffin nails	1637
0	the store itself is very cute , nicely decorated ... .thats about the only thing that impressed me about this place . in my opinion cupcakes are not being perserved properly or something , very dry cupcakes ! do not try the mexican chocolate cupcake ! tasted like dirt..they need to rethink their prices too..deliver perfection at $ 3.00 a pop	1806
1	had a good time seeing the show with two of my close friends during our girls trip to vegas . the show speaks for itself , but i can tell you : think magic mike amplified . my friends and i could n't stop laughing during the show because it is just so out there . i 'd recommend the show especially to bachelorette parties who seemed to have the most performer interaction . can also take a picture with the guys for $ 20 extra after the show . this seems a bit over the top , but i guess it 's a nice memory to have of the night .	2149
1	i have been here three times and look forward to returning soon . the food is always great . but be warned : it 's hard to make a decision because the entire menu looks sooooo good ! my goal : try every burger .	496
0	i was excited to try a new chicken place in town , but was really disappointed . the quality of all the food here is just not there , it 's nothing special . just about any other place is better than this .	862
0	consumer - customers alert ! ! ! http : //crosslandstudios.com . and @ extendedstay america hotels are dens of theives and discriminate and are racists . beware ! ! ! try # travelocity	2185
0	car wash is a joke ! the smog includes a cheap express car wash. you have to go inside the store and get a code for a horrible basic express car wash	2796
1	first time here with a little hesitant due to some of the reviews . however , i had to give this a 4 star for the awesome food that i ordered ( power salads + salmon ) . yummy and delicious . thank you pgatour grill .	369
0	i do n't post reviews very often . but stay away from this company . run away . they really do not know what they are doing and their sales people are not very knowledgeable . the customer service is horrible . they do not follow through . there are plenty of low cost companies that are much better.. anything is better	3551
1	went saturday 7-4-15 around 5:45 pm . they were running a 4th of july special of 1/2 off pizza for military ! our server jenn was so nice and attentive and i ate the best caesar salad i 've ever had there . my go-to pizza is the gotham . this time i tried the fried mozarella ... .it was pretty tasty .	192
1	i signed up for the 2-week unlimited trial and have been going to different classes just trying to figure out what teacher and class best fits my needs . so far i love them all and every single one of the teachers is amazing ! the studio of cozy and the staff is very friendly and definitly not salesy like some other studios in the valley .	908
0	had to obtain some closing records from them , because was out of state and did n't have my own with me.. called , left messages and emailed several times and not a word back from them . will remember not to use this title company in future for anything !	3783
1	have n't been here in so long , tierney was very helpful explaining things ! very clean and i 'm excited to have another membership !	2604
0	i transferred my prescriptions to a local pharmacy . i 'm not giving any more money to walgreens after a patient was denied medication for miscarriage in peoria .	3411
0	had a quick lunch here on my way to catch a flight . i ordered the grilled chicken pesto flatbread , which turned out to be a cheesy mix served on what could best be called a deep dish crust . in other words , not terrible but definitely not worth the $ $ .	369
0	rude customer service from quinton . feels like he do n't want my business and over charged me for the service . i will never come back to this place again and give my business somewhere else where i will be appreciated . a special gift from someone special ( gift card ) was put to waste because of bad service .	2113
0	officemax is n't all bad , but their impress print center is another story . they are extraordinarily slow .	1997
0	they did n't check any of my fluid levels like they say they do under their list of services that are included with an oil change . i even mention to the technician that my car had recently been overheating when it was sitting still , and they still did n't check to see that i had virtually zero radiator fluid . now my car has major damage , it would 've been nice if they could 've given me a heads up before all of this went wrong ! ! ! ! ! ! is it because they take advantage of women or all of their customers in general ?	3519
0	just not feelings this place . boutique - yes , but cumbersome expensive parking and rehashed rooms do n't add up to high price per night . not a bad place if you need to head downtown for game or concert . as for me , i 'll stay elsewhere and drive a little further when flying out . do n't see myself staying at this pretentious place again .	3859
0	reception was unfriendly . dr. feng spent three minutes with me and advised i should take anti inflammatories , wear a brace and let time heal it . he did not listen to me , take my pain seriously or try to diagnose what the problem is . i would not recommend him nor will i be returning to toca .	2755
0	i tried this place for the last time . ive been here several times and everytime its never the same price and the people dont know the price they always have to call someone ( the owner i assume ) and clarify what price was agreed upon . when the guy asked do u want oil and hot stone he never said it would be $ 10 extra . umm for you to rub a hot stone and oil on my back for an extra 3 1/2 minutes , im good thanks skip . such a rip off . dont go just because its convenient .	2399
1	staff is awesome ! love my trainer ! and my daughter loves seeing the girls working in the daycare !	2699
0	this is response to a rental i had recently at this location . overall i was disappointed with the customer service and will not rent there again .	3024
0	first off the bartenders were and extremely disrespectful . when i ask for a water , since my dd was not drinking . i was told they only have bottle water , which in turn was charging me for water . in the state of arizona it is against the law to deny any patron water . free of charge of they dont have tap , they must provide other means of water . fuck this this place	17
1	the good -i give them 5 stars for their gel nails and pedicures . they have always done a great job when getting either of these services . their pedicure chairs are comfortable . the nail techs have always given at least 5 minute leg massages with pedicures . the bad- do n't go here for sns . they do a gel topcoat at the end and this is the only time my sns has ever chipped/cracked . they say it is for the shine but doing the standard sns topcoat gives a better shine than the gel topcoat and if you 're getting sns you want to avoid the uv light so it does n't really make sense to do the gel topcoat .	2197
1	my son wanted pizza so we ended up here . service was good and the pizza was very tasty . some interesting drink selections available . unfortunately we wanted to eat in , which is not available , however there are tables outside . it was a bit chilly but the delicious pizza kept us warm . pizza was a little undercooked but delicious nonetheless . would come back again .	1063
1	well we came in with a true car quote too and they made good on it . they even found us good financing that another kia dealer could not . michael our sales rep was good and steve the sales manager delivered for us . we bought a sorrento there last night . i would recommend them .	624
0	took 2 months of rescheduling on a couch that was on back order for me to finally decide to just get a full refund . they wasted so much of my time , even when i called they never answered my calls was just placed on hold till the call hung up on its own .	1794
0	wow , what a disaster . not only do they not have ac it also smells bad and i would say at least 50 % of the shops are shut down . we even asked one of the store owners about the ac and they said the owners do n't do anything about it . what a mess ! the stores that are in there are nick nak shops so it 's a bunch of junk . thank you amazon !	2815
1	the new facility is stunning . so clean and fresh . i am so glad they have the well and sick waiting areas separate from each other and they also have a moms nursing room which is so cozy and private . the doctors are all very thorough . dr. caplan is great . she listens to the concerns and also respects the parents input and preferences . high quality care here for sure .	3134
1	absolutely as good as i could have possibly hoped for ! we celebrate our late dad 's bday with a traditional/annual spaghetti dinner in his honor ( his favorite meal ) and without a shadow of a doubt this was my favorite & most delicious year so far & in a rather unassuming location ! thx to yelp we found this place which we most likely would not even have considered ( or even found , as it is inside of a 'putters ' lounge ) i wish i could give them a 6th star ! ! staff was attentive & friendly & the value and tastes far surpassed our expectations !	459
1	this is my favorite spa in lv ! red rock does n't even compare to gvr ! anyone u get performs amazingly !	2651
1	i like the convenience ! the doctors and staff are friendly and professional . i recommend the joint to all my friends and family . i have been going to this location for over 2 years and have always been satisfied with the quality of service . you sure ca n't beat the price and for regular adjustments , this is great ! i have arthritis , so coming in regularly is so important for my overall health and feeling of well-being ! i ca n't recommend this place enough !	3756
1	this review is long over due , i order jesse 's pizza twice a week and it 's literally the best pizza ever !	1399
1	the wait was a little long but the care of my cut finger was great . 3 stitches tetanus shot . have not seen the bill yet but i was happy .	2517
1	great club great drinks and love he music will come again next weekend for sure.highly recommend to friends and family	1966
1	operations in my area ( sf bay area ) have gotten much better . i 'm receiving package notices that match their records and i have n't been put on hold endlessly . a friendly customer rep answers after the first ring . i 'm so much happier with their service .	556
0	it does not worth the money . thirty-five dollars for twenty minutes hair cut and it turns out to be ten dollars quality . i got unequaled hair shape on the top of head and unequaled hair length on the sides ! if you do n't use detailed trimmer , then do your work carefully . do n't excuse that you cut the hair in the manner of equal length and the issue is that my head is not even ! i felt weak sense of responsibility of you and i felt sorry that you try to pass the buck . definitely not recommend .	3486
1	this is my second time here .both times i have been happy with the service .the facility is clean and the physican assistant is knowledgable . i would return again !	535
0	sandwiches are bland , the bread is like wonder loaf . the service was just awful five guys yelling at each other . just do n't understand the hype .	1340
1	whenever my friend and i are in the mood for dim sum , we come here for their discounted dim sum times ( 9am-11am , 2pm-4pm ) . the food is always hot , fresh , and delicious . we got pork spare ribs , har gow , shu mai , crab claws , beef balls , tripe , and rice noodle rolls with shrimp . everything was so good and only came to about $ 15/person which is great . i 'm definitely coming back here .	0
1	first of all , this review gets 4 stars for noon and afternoon dining and 5 stars in the am ! i love getting the apple turnovers , but you should definitely get them in the morning when they are freshly baked and still warm and gooey . later on in the day , they are kind of stale and not as good . but other than pastries , i love their salads for lunch and nothing beats a nice morning quiche . but i definitely suggest this place for a nice breakfast or early brunch spot .	1276
0	this is one of those i should 've read the reviews before i came in i only came here because my daughter had a play date at az air time and tried to kill two birds with one stone . not my brightest idea to date . while the service was good and my nail tech was nice , she did a terrible job on my nails . uneven polish , jaded edges , just an overall bad job . i actually regret not looking first before i came in , i 'm disappointed . i will definitely not be back and do n't recommend this to anyone .	854
0	went to laseraway for tattoo removal and would not recommend it . they performed 4 treatments and only found out on the last treatment that the other treatments were done wrong . highly suggest finding another place if you value your time and money .	582
0	silver state never returned my calls regarding cleaning services . would not recommend .	2875
1	just sports is a store in scottsdale fashion square , and easy to spot due to the graphic entrance -- baseball bats , balls , etc . the guys who work here were really nice and helpful . they have lots of sports gear , from t-shirts to jerseys , caps to visors , collectibles , mugs , cups , etc . the place is covered from floor to ceiling with stuff . obviously , you 'll find a lot of cardinals , d-backs , suns , and arizona state gear here , but you 'll see other teams and schools here . some of the prices are a bit steep , so just be prepared for that .	1737
0	horrible service . slow . rude and not worth the wait . i 'm so disappointed in this place .	282
0	please note the 42 rather candid reviews in the `` not recommended '' section at the end of the list of reviews . it is clear that along with their other dubious business practices this company manipulates their yelp profile page by falsely flagging reviews that are critical so that they appear to have a more positive image . but with 42 `` not recommended '' reviews and only a half dozen positive ones you do not need to be a rocket scientist to understand that this company has built a rather large and consistently negative opinion with their customers . beware ! ! !	2523
0	this grocery store is expensive , i might as well go to whole foods . there is a small organic selection . there is no self check out machines . i am sticking with my old spot .	1904
0	walked in at 720 pm 3 people there no one said anything no one acknowledge us seems they didnt want to sell anything wont recommend this place to anyone your lost there 's plenty other places that would take our money	1991
0	i ca n't believe where you have to sit if you are in a wheelchair ! what discrimination ! it 's directly i front of the screen ! i do n't even know why they have seats there . not one person wants to sit that close to a giant screen . i 'm surprised no one has complained to anyone hire up !	2450
1	this is a good time ! it 's pricey after 5pm , at $ 45 an hour , but it 's definitely fun . it 's cheaper earlier in the day at $ 25/hr . an hour is usually plenty for 2 people . 2 hours is usually sufficient for 4 people . i have never been disappointed with their food . excellent quality . drinks are not bad either . their service is pretty decent . staff is friendly . cocktails are between $ 8- $ 10 , beer $ 4- $ 6 , wine $ 7- $ 12/glass , appetizers $ 6- $ 12 , dinners $ 10- $ 13 . plan on spending $ 100 - $ 150 on a date night ; )	1483
0	horrible , horrible human being . kicked me out of his office because i looked 'upset ' and did n't find his stupid joke funny . the only reason i was n't completely shocked is because this is las vegas , the boil on the ass of the country . i would avoid this greaseball at all costs .	3928
1	tried this place this morning ! they have your tradition donut & then creative ones like cinnamon toast crunch with blueberry icing & fruit pebbles with vanilla ice cream which are the two my mom & i got . they were moist & delicious , not dry at all . customer service was very nice & our total was around $ 4- $ 5 bucks . very small shop & plain but i will be back when in the mood for a donut ! overall good experience which is why i 'm giving 5 stars .	3322
1	by far mine and my husbands favorite hang out spot while we have been here in vegas . dennis the bartender was amazing ! ! he was super friendly and gave us good vegas insight . all of the bartenders are really nice to be honest . the music in the casino and the lights at the bar add to the aura . nice relaxed feel . the drinks are decently priced . i 'm sure the reason for no drink menu is because they offer many many different drinks and beers . great location too .	2634
1	50 shades freed was the last movie i saw here and i ca n't wait to see black panther . this theater has recently been in upgraded to reclining seats which are a lot more comfortable for heavier people like myself . every experience i 've had here has been great . the snack bar is over priced but what theater is n't lol	491
1	mrs. anh is a gem . all smiles and laughs and so welcoming with her questions and showing interest in me . i came back a few days later because my mani had been smeared the moment i walked out and she helped me redo without hesitation . super super friendly . i want to be her friend .	2390
1	fabulously friendly ! i stop in here for free gas using the $ 100 freddy 's card i won . good prices on gas & friendly employees . you can stock up on beverages , get a car wash and be on your way to summerlin parkway in a flash ! they have discounted prices on gas if you purchase a car wash. and gaming , with a $ 10 free play offer for new signups .	2198
0	took a long time . then they tell me i need $ 1200 worth of other things fixed on my car , which do n't . and the craziest thing is when i left my car started acting a little off . pretty sure i wo n't be going back	2146
0	pho broth was bland . it was just eh . i have had better . service was good though and people were nice .	172
1	been to this place twice now and have had great experiences both times ! ! ! the associates were very nice and attentive to us great friendly place would definitely recommend to other people ! ! !	1345
0	it looks like the men 's section is a fraction of the size it used to be . too bad . fit is overall unflattering on the mens side with the exception of a few select items that fit a size smaller than i normally am . i 'll wait for uniqlo this summer .	3307
1	my husband and i love it here ! always just sit at the bar and get a couple pitchers of beer and a large gotham pizza . it 's always busy too but service is very quick .	192
1	grooming service are always wonderful , my dog has been coming here for more than 3 years . sharon and andrea are very loving toward my dog and my dog loves them too . my dog always smells great after her grooming . i 'll continue to come here and i also recommend sharon and andrea for dog grooming services .	2108
0	went there for an late lunch with the girlfriends . the food was good but the service was not . both servers seem to have lack of customer service skills . as someone who ran a restaurant , i felt these ladies did n't deserve any tip but i tip for the kitchen ... well hopefully the kitchen gets some tips . unfortunately this was the second visit in a row that service was undesirable . i do n't think i would return , even if the food was good . : - (	1079
0	just bought a puppy from them and she has kennel cough and parasites ! they must not take care of their puppies . buyer beware ! ! ! ! !	1894
1	excellent customer service by erwin he was pleasant upbeat and helped me quick he is a keeper	1761
0	they 're creative with their mto options but i was n't very impressed with the outcome . the `` servers '' are very polite and it 's a very fast process even though the line is out the door . still , the end product is lack luster and i 'd rather go to bruster 's or handels	3813
0	thank you ken for saying you do repairs on flats for big o tire customers over the phone and then when i show up you say you ca n't patch it so i need a new tire . this kind of customer service is why not all big o tires are the same . i drove back with a punctured tire all the way to the other big o tire store that was more than happy to help me out .	3379
0	just really lazy no one smiles and they just do n't speak english it 's not a very fun place to go to	2886
0	expensive like all of vegas but kind of a dive for the price the entertainment such as piano bar is ok ... and features an open mic it seems to attract an alternative lifestyle too	3326
1	this wash is amazing . the staff is well groomed i love the ties though this is arizona give your guys some t-shirts . but over all amazing service i would have never thought people would be so happy to see me come to get a wash . it was so clean and smelled amazing good job quick quack on cactus .	78
1	always great , always fab and relaxing for 7 years and going strong ! different owners now than my girl anh since the passing of her husband , thom but the new owner , holly is awesome and so is her team . i get my brows snatched ( waxed ) , a deluxe pedi w/designs and a gorgeous mani w/designs too , for under $ 100 .	3390
1	devin was great and efficient . i love that they fill prescriptions here as well .	535
1	great restaurant great service you can pick one of the burgers and change the patty to your own likening and you can also make your own combination . on top of that it is organic.we shared the rings and fries plate . my only complain is that the smell of frying was overwhelming and it lingered for days on our clothes .	1417
1	ok i was really hesitant to buy my flooring from these guys because of the yelp reviews but they had the flooring that we wanted for our bedrooms . i was very pleasantly surprised with every transaction . three separate purchases and a return of 6 xtra boxes . the guys i worked with were professional and very friendly . on my last load they guy convinced me to buy a whole pallet even though i knew it was about 6 or 7 more boxes than i would need . it was easier to just fork lift the pallet on my trailer and then return any extra boxes before the 30 day deadline . worked out perfectly ! thanks guys will buy from you again .	2763
0	coffee is good but service is bad ... the old filipino lady barista has an attitude ... she kept on ignoring us while we waited for our orders for a long time . every one left already except us . i would love to go back in this cafe but because of the service ... forget it !	2397
1	my wife 's laptop screen broke and we called several computer stores to find someone to fix it . the right pc guys were the only ones who took time to talk with me & were very knowledgeable . they fixed my wife 's laptop and i actually found a refurbished laptop for myself at a really great price with a warranty ! i had a great experience so i just wanted to say thanks !	2523
1	i 've stayed at this embassy suites for extended periods while working in phx and have always had a great experience here . the food is what you 'd expect it to be for a hotel . i recommend the salmon , wings , and the buffalo chicken wrap . the bar staff is very attentive and how can you beat a free happy hour every evening for hotel guests ? if you 're looking for a nice meal onsite during your stay , this is a great option .	179
0	nice atmosphere but real problems at the bar . started with the bartender refusing to get a water for me until he finished all his drink orders ( i asked for the water first -- it was for a sick friend ) . through the night , the bar could n't make three different drinks i asked for , including their advertised signature drink ( bc 42 or something like that ) . despite the dj , the same blondie songs kept repeating through the night . wo n't be back to camp four !	1837
1	after reviewing a couple of companies i decided to go with precision granite it was the best estimate i received . they were professional , friendly and efficient . their work was beautifully done and completed as quickly as promised . i will keep using them for my next projects .	1861
1	raj was great ... he went above and beyond helping out my inlaws get to the airport and secure a porter for them	2952
1	one posh venue ! when i arrived , i was at the wrong entrance . there was a completely different fancy event going on . i did n't know there was more than one entrance . was here for a fundraising event . high ceilings boasting high arches , beautiful flooring and cordial staff . lots of windows , a stage , coat check and restrooms in the basement . the kind of place where you always feel under-dressed . : p	3466
0	worst mexican food in the world , no taste , all old meat , hard & stale , but good counter service . extremely flimsy cheapest plastic forks and sporks they could find.. very clean and bright though . super-americanized for northern caucasian taste-buds . absolutely no spices used ... .please shut down asap.. garbage bull-s -- t ...	857
1	emiliano and his enterprise team are excellent ! he is very friendly and super considerate in offering water bottles to everyone who were waiting ! 5 stars for emiliano and his team ! ! we appreciate you ! ! !	3024
0	sandbagged burgers . not necessary being the burgers are small for fast cooking . asked for well done crispy fries.. comes out same regular . white guy who took our order could n't even put a fresh patty down , do n't know the difference from crispy and regular fries . only came here cause my daughters choice . definitely talking her out of this place next time ...	25
1	nayely was so much help and so nice ! ! everything has been great so far ! ! this place is great !	3091
0	well , so sad , but i must write an update ... . the last two times i 've been in , it was lame . i hope they are n't getting lackadaisical since they are busy the majority of the time . the girl that i had , kept burping and was leaning against the wall and then was falling asleep . oye ! ! are you freaking kidding me ? ? ? ? i might reconsider going back : /	2970
0	do n't go here they will find a way out of fixing issues that are under warranty.i will gladly drive an extra half hour and go to a different dealership i suggest you do the same .	624
1	never felt compelled to write a review for ross before , but this time i thought i should because erica ( fitting rooms ) was outstanding . usually fitting room is a very limited interaction and not particularly friendly but erica was friendly , welcoming and helpful . also the lady at the register was very friendly but i did n't wrote down her name	482
1	even with this vegas heat , these guys were able to take care of me with ease . they were friendly and accommodating . their lounge is conveniently located in a store where you can wait and eat or try your luck on the slot machines . i received a free car wash with the oil change i got for $ 50 . will most likely come back again .	2544
1	walked right in , sat right down and left with smooth feet and pretty toes . good prices great pedi . i 'll definitely go back .	822
0	ordered a burger combo with lettuce ketchup and mayo . what did i get a burger with onions and tomatoes on it . two things i hate . smh . i will say the food wood was good and would have rated higher if my order was correct	800
0	it pains me to give a place bad reviews , and i rarely do . i usually can find something to focus on that was positive . i do n't have any of that here . service was slow and unenthused . food was just ok. my fish wasnt terrible , but it wasnt good either . my wife got the bruschetta and hated it and she isnt picky . all of those things could be overlooked if it wasnt for the fact that its a microbrewery and the beer was terrible . we ordered a flight and my wife turned her nose up to every one . i didnt like any enough to order another . disappointing .	670
1	went to squid ink last night for my birthday dinner and i can honestly say i 'm always impressed with not only the quality of the food , but the service as well . the hostess and waitresses were so kind ! i would recommend the potstickers and , if you like spicy , the `` dirty rockstar '' sushi roll . the mussels were so good , but then again i 've never had anything i did n't like at squid ink . go for happy hour and all of the best rolls are half off ... how can pass that up ? ! delicious .	602
1	this location is always busy . has the usual items all dollar trees seem to have . easy if you are just looking for a quick item that 's just as good as the brand names . browse a bit , you know you 'll find something you need . sad note : this is not a location that has a freezer/cooler section filled with food . they do have a cooler , but it only has drinks in it . happy note : sunday papers here are truly just $ 1 compared to the other places .	2446
0	ordered a jack on the rocks . it came out clear . hmm i wonder if they water down their liquor . yea , we wo n't be back .	211
1	the people of carx take very good care of their customers and provide excellent service . the people that work there are extremely nice . as a college student who does n't know alot about cars or appropriate prices for car services , i never once felt taken advantage or got a service that i did n't need . i strongly recommend carx on bradley	1044
1	got my tkr surgery there . i just love that hospital ! staff is great ! the nurses , assistants , housekeeping , everyone ! stayed for two nights and i felt so comfortable there , besides the obvious pain from my surgery , i was treated very well . thank you	2081
1	one of the best nail salon 's i 've ever been . clean , professional , and accommodating in a very reasonable price . i suggest lyn if you want to do your manis and pedis she goes with your request and will guarantee your money 's worth of pampering and r & r .	2686
1	probably the largest asian grocery store in the area : they have a huge supply of ramen ( no , not maruchan *shakes fist* ) and ingredients . though not as produce-centric as far east , they have much more in terms of sauces , frozen food , and even cooking untensils . do n't miss out on grabbing some cuttle fish chips , crushed pear juice , and some frozen man doo , among the many things you can find here , but nowhere else .	2383
1	very nice selection ! i went to buy my mom a purse and found several to choose from . out of all the coach outlets i 've visited this has the nicest selection . i found several accessories and a purse to purchase ! very impressed !	3133
0	this store has the potential to be great with the right idea of selling cheap glasses . unfortunately management is n't performing . my wife previously worked at this location and loved it , but was fired for trying to inform management that the assistant manager to this location was taking breaks to get high . very unprofessional and very concerning . owner needs to look into their management to help future employees so this does n't happen again . she was honest , hardworking , followed the rules , and cared about the company 's image and reputation .	2541
0	if anyone says this is the best pizza they have had they are lying . the pizza is a touch below average , and the prices are outrageous . if you are charging almost five dollars for a slice of cheese pizza it should be very large and delicious , and it is neither . i can not imagine a full grown man or woman being full on one piece , and paying over ten bucks for two slices , not including a drink , is just crazy . please go somewhere else and avoid the mistake i made by eating here .	1371
1	loved it here ! food and service were amazing . the garlic knots are yummy , as was the white pizza with mushrooms that we ordered . the pasta with the duck ragu was delicious . the next time i 'm in toronto , i wo n't be back there just for a business lunch -- i 'll bring my family too .	833
0	i really wanted to like this place . from the `` vegan appeal '' to the appetizing ig photos , i thought this would be my new go-to dessert place . i sampled several of their flavours and they really just tasted like frozen banana . i ended up purchasing the pina colada feature flavour and found the banana to be quite overpowering . i would assume the dole dessert machine could make similar frozen treats . however , if you enjoy the banana taste and the vegan appeal , then by all means !	1134
0	there was a bug in my wife 's dinner . disgusting . they took the charge off the bill for her dinner , which is appropriate . but still . bugs should not be in `` freshly '' prepared food .	873
0	dr. zedek writes his own reviews ! that 's the only reason there are good reviews of him ! dr. zedek prescribes only what pharmaceutical companies pay him to prescribe . he wo n't give you the medication you really need unless he 's paid by the company which makes it ! he switches people from ssris to anti-psychotic medication regularly because the company gives him huge kickbacks to do so . do not see this dr or his counterpart dr j under any circumstances . they are money grubbing quacks ! in fact , if you go in on the weekend , he does n't report the visit to the irs according to a patient who kept records of her visits .	3928
1	this walgreen is convenient , right next to the montebello light rail stop and on 19th . look for the walgreen bucks before buying and save that money ! you can use the walgreens bucks that same day for your next purchase ! they also have a private lot woohoo !	929
1	this new spot was a lot of fun . the band with the asian dude singing did some off key covers that were kinda lame , but when he sang his own music he was on point and sounded great . other than the cheesy covers , for which i would suggest replacing with a modern ambiance of post rock and chill alternative rock , the atmosphere is dope , hip , service is great , cocktails are tasty , there is no cover , seating is available , and the darker lighting is good for relaxing and enjoying something different . my buddy and my girlfriend and i all liked it and will be back again on the next trip .	1992
0	this place was cute and we had high expectations based on other yelp reviews ... but they upcharged us for everything . massage with your pedicure ? $ 5 . callous removal ? $ 5 ? what seemed like a good price for service ended up being way more than we expected and they were n't clear about that until the bill came . one of my friends was cut during her manicure , too , and was bleeding for about an hour .	2686
0	terrible service . slow , un-educated , rip off artists .	535
0	i am not a fan . banana/mango cupcake- the texture was more like a banana muffin with a light mango frosting . i was disappointed because i was expecting a cupcake and not a muffin . strawberry smoothie- very bland taste because it probably needed more sugar . i normally like to finish my food/drinks , but this was just not good at all . i might give this place another chance , but if i 'm in the area i 'll probably end up at caked for my cupcake fix .	1889
0	the worst cigar shop in the valley . it 's a smoke shop that carries dusty overpriced and dry cigars . the person working was clueless to brands and the final nail is when he just stood there in the humidor smoking a cigarette stalking me . yes , smoking a cigarette . class act ! !	1893
0	ginger milk has no ginger flavour in it . the milk is n't silky and soft like it 's supposed to taste . the black jelly is from a can . the watermelon is also from the can . nothing is fresh . do n't come . bye .	1513
1	this is the first year my son has attended gaa and it has been exceptional . he has grown so much and has made so many friends and truly loves all of his teachers . ms. arnold runs a great school and really cares about the kids . every teacher we encounter has been professional and caring and each knows my son by name . our next child will start pre-k here next year and we look forward to watching both kids grow within this school .	2640
0	they call this luxury ? ? this theater design is 20+ years old . small screens . small very uncomfortable seats , very dark projection light on the screen , yet premium admission prices and you will give up a limb if you order popcorn and a coke . avoid this rip off at all costs . i truly feared getting bed bug bites in the old stained seats . watch it at home .	2524
0	i have never had a great experience at this bar due to the bouncers . one of my friends has a tiny puzzle piece tattoo behind her ear , seriously so small i did n't even know she had it ! and she was n't allowed in because `` the manager does n't like neck tattoos . '' the irony of the story is that the two bouncers telling her this both had large , visible tattoos on the side of their necks ! ha . due to this experience and the way that the bouncers handled the situation i will never go back and would never recommend the bar to a friend .	1176
1	large portions of pasta . delicious pizza- as always . there is a large outdoor deck with a lovely view of the sunset . we had plenty of food leftover for a second night . fast service . fun environment . it was lovely !	705
0	i already went to a different shop and they immediately knew right away what 's wrong with my car . i just wasted my money on you guys . your manager already gave me a call and wanted me back but will never refund me .	3379
1	i 've been to hong kong , beijing , etc . the food here is superb and the portions extremely large . we love it . the best . words ca n't describe this food , it 's wonderful . every meal there is like a trip back to the orient . you wo n't regret taking the time to dine here .	1264
0	if you found this place in southern california , it would probably sit idly like every lollicup , quickly , or tapex . i miss the sea salt coffee from 85 degrees . i miss the amazing fruit-in-your-drink selection from tastea . i miss the self-pour tea from ten ren 's tea station . i miss the honey boba from half & half . if you 're craving innovative drinks , you wo n't find it here . but at least this place suffices for the most basic boba milk tea until i get to go home again	490
1	this company has restored my faith in the home improvement process ! ! from start to finish they were timely , friendly , clean , and kept me in the loop ! ! i really ca n't say enough good things about my experience , but i constantly brag about them to all my friends and family and would refer them to anyone looking to do some work to their home .	3881
0	i ordered a chicken shwarma pita and one of the ladies charged me for a laffa which cost me extra . when the lady asked me what i wanted on my shwarma i told her i wanted `` tahini '' but she instead put tatziki . the laffa was not rolled properly and fell apart instantly . overall not satisfied and will not be coming back anytime soon .	89
1	this is my chimi fix restaurant ! i cant believe i have been eating here regularly for a few years now and am just getting around to reviewing . i always order the same thing ... a plain cheese crisp and a red chile chimichanga . it 's a lot of food but soooo good .	1346
0	well , never heard about practice that when you call you ca n't see a doctor when you are sick . this practice is all about false hopes , they treat establish patients horribly , and disrespectfuly . when you have people telling you that they are specialist and they ca n't see you , you better go and find another doctor or voice your opinions in this fourm . disgusting and manipulating practice that on purpose try to avoid seeing you when you are sick that you will come later again . i said it many times , medicine in las vegas is about making money , and doctors here are about putting more money in thier pockets than helping .	1149
0	never go to this place . not professional , not kind , poor knowledge . even my husband didnt have any problems , they sent him to the emergency room because their data reading was wrong and they said `` it looks strange '' ! we tried to contact them for the bill , but nobody answered .	2058
0	you would think a `` deep cleaning '' would include mopping the bathrooms , scrubbing the shower/tub and wiping down the doors but maybe they forgot . for the price they charge i would not recommend this service to anyone . if you do give them a try i highly suggest you request a written copy of the quote so you know what all you 're paying for . specify if you need certain appliances to be cleaned . do n't assume they will do it just because they have two people cleaning your house for 4hrs . the one good thing i can say is that they showed up on time .	2029
0	no customer service unless you do n't know someone in working there . do n't recommend this place	3469
1	one beer-garita ( tip : order it with their white beer instead of blonde beer ) + one order of spicy popcorn shrimp with sweet chili dipping sauce = one amazing snack math is fun . ps i 'm also very curious about their selection of flammekeuches ( sp ? ) which are basically flatbread pizzas .	670
1	it was a breath of fresh air on this airline after dealing with frontier , i 'll never fly on any other airline ! there was a raffle for upgraded seats and my hubby won them for me . i got to enjoy tv on demand , free food and drinks and a comfy recliner seat . i loved the neon lights and i even took a little nap . i would recommend this airline to anyone .	1623
0	for a $ 12 pho det biet it was seriously lacking in flavor and had only pitiful amounts of beef *pieces* in the soup . the broth lacked depth and had no umami flavor at all . the only positive thing about it was the temperature but that 's it . extremely slow service did nothing to help either . to me they rank amongst the worst made pho in clt , along with the likes of vietthai noodle house and the new pho ngon . waste of money if you are serious at all about how a pho should taste .	947
1	donna is amazing ! she did my pedicure and i 've never had such a stellar experience . i showed up for my appointment early and she was ready for me , no wait . donna does a wonderful job cleaning your nails and makes sure they 're shaped just how you want them . this salon is a gem , extremely comfortable and very affordable . i have really difficult nails and she made them exactly how they needed to be .	1783
0	i just left allure nails with a whole in my nail from a drill and my nails looking much worse than when i came in . the man who used the drill never apologized and was angry that i would not let him continue to use the drill and then stormed off . go to best nails up the street for a much better experience .	3347
0	not one of my favorite locations . the only reason i have come here is because it 's open late and if you are uptown and hungry ... it 's convenient . the service is not always the best . the food is ok , hit or miss . the shop is not always the cleanest . in the future , i will remember this and try to just avoid and go home .	902
1	they always have everything i need ( mainly ammo and fishing supplies ) . i also really like going at christmas as it 's great for stocking fillers ! definitely a regular here . the staff are helpful and friendly at this location .	2601
1	one my favorite bars on mill ave with awesome and cheap drinks and super fun atmosphere	1176
1	what a great coffee place . this by far has better coffee than starbucks and is often a little cheaper . the staff here is friendly and personable and always upbeat . i wish there was a dutch bros closer to where i live !	361
1	my daughter had her wedding here . the whole place was truly outstanding . the venue is so beautiful . kathy is very business like but friendly . laura is a hoot ! love her ! they were so good to us . everything was handled extremely professionally . the food was excellent ; the beef was good , but the chicken is even better ! ! ! it was a magical day . it was all first class ! ! ! i highly recommend kathy and the venue ... just take a tour and you 'll understand .	3869
0	wow , yelp not just for food , i see . the manager at this particular location once refused to honor a published price on an advertised product ( refused to match bb.com price for local stock ) . this is contra bb policy ( or at least was contra its then-existing policy ) . pointed this out to him , but no . other reason i 'll never shop there involved bb prior refusal to stand behind a non-honored rebate due to bb advertising and selling a slightly differing hard drive model number than that stated in the rebate terms . this hard drive incident was at a different store . very happy to take my dollars elsewhere .	494
1	an awesome dealership . the people are helpful , knowledgeable , and kind ! the faculty is very clean and stylish ! !	2432
1	just want to drop a note , not sure when they started , but new dinner menu for sakana , as great as always : )	198
0	i used to love them , then they sent me a pair of dull shears . then they sent me a new pair , but it only took 2months to send me a new pair to the wrong address mind you . so decided to buy from someplace else . just got the new shears and am sending them back but i have tonpay thenshipping on their crap ... ... i 'm through with ryans and there 's obnoxious shit ... .	3904
1	awesome company ! very friendly and easy ! john helped me and was extremely professional . a great experience , very thorough with the process and all policies . very happy with my choice here !	3383
0	i went to return a item that is defective i brought it in august .. the manager there was soo rude i mean really rude .. not only i will never go back because i did n't buy the extender warranty , now i found out that they only can stand behind any item for 15days .. come on its best buy ..	3192
1	went there for the first time tonight for dinner . had one of there salads and their regular fries . amazing dinner , i will return	1269
1	earl sandwich ! for the price and the quality i always got ta grab me a sandwich if i see one near by . my favorite sandwich here is the earls club , which is really good with ketchup cuz i love ketchup !	432
1	i have been a member for 5 years now , i signed up at a different location actually - but this one is closest to me so i come here most of the time . never had any issues with scheduling appointment , i guess they get booked up fast on weekends , which makes sense - so if you are trying to get a massage sat/sun , give them a call a few days ahead . i usually go on weekdays - never any issues with same day scheduling .	1950
0	this place is over price and massage is not quality , , i have been to a lot of chinese foot massage this is one of my least favorite , , , not coming here a lot of better options	2399
1	my beagle was so dirty after staying with my in laws for a week . i called furry friends and asked if they had any same day openings . they fit my dog in and i was blown away with how nice and clean the atmosphere was and how extremely friendly the people were that worked there . my beagle was cleaned beautifully and she smelled so great ! i ca n't believe i was paying other grooming facilities and picking up a dog that smelled like wet dog . this place is wonderful and so worth the $ 30 to groom my dog . five stars all the way , i will be returning monthly . you will not be disappointed .	3615
0	okay this review is about the pizza first of all $ 25 is to much for a nasty ass pizza cover in sun dried tomatoes omg the worst pizza ever	192
1	our family loves this place . we go here for most of our family events and order the pupu platter . the kids love to put everything over the flame !	237
1	this is a good theater . they usually have a nice selection and often show independent films . i like their vip seating area . the reason that i gave a 4/5 is because their menu for vip seating leaves much to be desired . the menu is basically just a bunch of panini 's that are n't that different from each other . mine was okay -- -super cheesy -- -felt like i was eating a $ 12 grilled cheese . ipics has a better food selection . this theater is the closed theater with vip seating and dinner service during the movie to my condo so i am there frequently and do consistently enjoy myself : ) i just wish their food was better !	2486
0	do n't buy cupcakes from here ! i live in the area and walk my dog past here very often . full disclosure , i did not buy anything from here and my review is solely based on what i observed . i walked into the shop to look at the cupcakes but the employee was on the phone . she was on the phone for a while - long past my patience to wait for a cupcake so i left . on my way out i noticed a lot of ants crawling around on the front display cupcakes . not sure if those are for sale but i sure hope not ! i was sooooo glad i did n't buy anything at the end .	3539
0	do n't judge a place by its looks ... and let me tell you , i did n't ! i took my fellow yelper 's advice and tried wo fat . and the verdict is ... it 's no bueno . maybe i 'm spoiled from growing up in taiwan and lived in southern california for 5 years ... but this place just was n't very special . we ordered several dishes to go ... 5 to be exact . and i have to say none of them were too good . the waitress was n't too friendly either ... nothing special here .	1103
0	while the food was acceptable the attitude from the manager ( brown hair girl with a bun ) was not ! no smiles from any employees and actually heard a sigh and saw her roll her eyes when we asked to add to our order . the owner may want to rethink who they employ and the way they represent their company .	1528
1	this has become my new place to play pool . they have 9 9ft table , which is the only way to play . the best thing was how inexpensive it was . the music was one of the highlights of the night . it went from kenny g to mick jager to barry manilow to gangster rap to rebellion rock and on and on . there was no jukebox so i have no idea how it was that eclectic . there is a 75 cent charge with a credit card , so be sure to open a tab .	3674
1	5th year of going to this gym . the prices have gone up slightly but the classes have gotten better . great service and great personal trainers .	392
1	came in for breakfast and very surprised at what came out . if ever in the s. o. m. center area comes to this steak n shake it was very good .	221
1	great and fast service . i go here every other day and never had a problem with my order or any employee . line in the morning can go crazy but always fast .	2849
0	we gave it a try after passing it for years . i ordered a ham and cheese omelet . it was the saltiest omelet ever in the entire world ! everything else in our breakfast was nothing short of mediocre .	531
1	walks in and ordered a dozen bagels sliced with a couple of things of cream cheese . i love that quick and speedy service . my family and i will enjoy these bagels on our way to cedar point .	960
1	cheryl was great , clinic is very clean and organized . down 22 lbs ! they do a great job keeping you on track with your diet ! !	2168
1	drive thru is a plus but be prepared to wait.. also if you like soy sauce or chili paste , make sure you ask for a certain amount . if you say `` a lot '' because you know that you alone will eat 20 packets , they will only give 3 .	1342
0	came into this place for an oil change as its near my house . the sign says 9.99 oil change grand opening special . they tried charging me more and gave me some bs excuse as using my own oil would cost them more money . then the guy tried to change his story and say i needed a coupon when their sign clearly has no fine print . avoid this place unless you like dishonest places that will try and upsell you .	3488
0	service here was absolutely horrible . after 15 minutes , we got up and retrieved menus ourselves , and after 20 , we had to flag a server down to bring us water . the restaurant was probably about 60 % full with plenty of staff and servers . they were out of chips and several other menu items , so we could n't order their famous salsa . food was fine , but they brought my soup out with my meal instead of beforehand ( i asked for it as a starter ) . jamaican jerk sauce was good , but the consistency of the tofu was n't good . i will not return for a long time , except maybe for take out .	1358
0	i purchased some premixed juices at 12 mg nicotine and i knew something was very wrong- i had to continually hit my kit and never felt the nicotine ever . long story short they were not 12 mg nicotine not even close ! ! ! when i put some 6mg in my tank leftover from another store and took a couple of hits i finally got the satisfied nic hit that was missing for the red star garbage ! buy at your own risk ! ! !	1747
1	everything you want in a lively lunch spot and after work bar . the staff clearly understand the typical lunchtime crowd and brought our food and drinks out in record time . i had the warm bean and salmon salad , my colleagues had the moroccan chicken salad , and the grilled mac and cheese . my salmon was slightly fishy but otherwise the dish was good . all servers were young , professional and experienced . bathrooms were clean . $ 11 beer stein was the equivalent of 2 pints . good value . i 'd go back again .	670
1	i was guessing whether or not a watch was worth what the person was asking . so stopped in this store since specialize in citizen high end watches and wanted to make sure that it worked like it should and such . the owner of the store was very polite and looked the watch over for me and cleaned it it appeared . he took his time with my asking all kinds of questions and such . in the end he did not charge me and was browsing while he was doing watch stuff and there prices are really reasonable and very friendly and helpful .	2307
1	when the orleans used to send me food comps that would all get used here . they have a great chicken and braukly for $ 10 that really is filling and tastes great .	1196
0	please advise if this company /location is still up and running . called the number nothing , no website , no facebook . they go and take my money with having me buy one of their certificates while i was there not long ago and then nothing . please advise . trying to find the pop art your pet again .	3048
0	not at all impressed with the gilbert office on mercy . not kid friendly or cozy environment- especially waiting room . md mckenna not touchy feeling ( maybe a bad day ? ) and made us wait 25 min in the room until she came in . come on , it 's a pediatric office- you know kids cant wait that long . then spent under 10 min with us . chandler office is a better environment . np was very helpful and nice . a lot better service and attention .	1723
0	ok , so flan ? no thanks - i 'll stick to pizza . the beer 's ok , but you can get ok beer anywhere .	670
1	very friendly staff and manager . efficient and not pushy to replace filters , etc . that do n't need replaced .	3519
1	i would highly recommend ace appliance repair . the staff is very friendly and helpful . joe ( the repairman ) could n't be any nicer and took a lot of time explaining what needed to be done . i 've dealt with other repairmen in the past , and joe is the best .	395
0	be careful with this place - they are super expensive to begin with and will try to up sell you . check your receipt : i agreed to a wash and clean for $ 39.95 and they charged my card $ 79.95 . when i caught it and confronted them about it they lied and told me i was the o e who was wrong . $ 80 to run it through an automated wash and have someone do a quick vacuum , wipe down and window cleaning ? i do n't think so . they lost me as a customer - buyer beware !	3899
0	pretty sad . showed up 20 min before closing and planned on getting the food to go . good thing because they gave us 0 say in the matter . nachos had movie theatre style cheese on them and a spoon full of retried beans . terrible . all the carne was burnt ( 3 vampiros , 4 street tacos ) , the burrito was cold and stuffed with sour cream and refried beans . when we could find a piece of carne it was burnt . pretty bad experience and kind of upset i blew $ 22 here especially after seeing the 4.5 star total .	593
1	am a huge fan of this eatery ! ! ! the owners hit the jackpot when they brought chef holly in from ticoz . my very favorite thing on the menu is the blackened tilapia ceaser ... .. amazing ! all the street tacos are deeelish ... ... especially the pernil pork and chicken ! the chips are not too greasy or salty and the salsa is roasted and exploding with flavor . i am always blown away by the service and love the atmosphere ! it 's already a good value for dining but you can get promotions if you are on living social or groupon .	1317
1	i come here for dr. schroeder he performed surgery in 2014 and did an amazing job and now i check in for maintenance . there 's a surgery center attached which is convenient sometimes there 's a bit of a wait but there are several physicians here . schroeder takes him with his patients and he is worth the wait .	737
0	absolutely the worst customer service center i have ever dealt with . the associate sandra was condescending and very rude . as for the other associates . the one supervisor they had trying to look up the transaction did n't even communicate with me that they could not locate the transaction via the date and card number and just walked off . a gentleman by the name of dave was the only positive experience . listening to the conversations employees were having with themselves as well as the way they were treating other customers has definitely put me off from ever shopping here again . this place keeps getting worse .	2443
0	even though i 'm only rating this bank 2 stars the employees in the bank are really nice and friendly , i have no problem with the customer service . but i come in this bank about 3 to 5 times a week and there is always a line where i have to wait 10 to 20 minutes at a time because it 's only an average of 2 cashiers working at anytime . you need more cashiers is all anybody can ask , i have seen several customers frustrated at this location because of this .	20
1	absolutely first rate health care treatment and the staff is likewise top notch . dr. elizabeth rostan is extremely knowledgeable about procedures and products , and offers very wise and helpful advice . i would not go anywhere else .	2430
1	this place is amazing . if you 're wanting and needing healthy eats , this is your place . they 're always busy and everything is great ! this is our go to for take-out . thank you noodles ranch for consistently being amazing . eat here today !	205
0	decided to go here today for lunch after they switched their menu to all you can eat and i was highly disappointed . to start off , we did get greeted to our table right away however they did not ask if we wanted tea , water or anything to drink we had to ask them . another thing was the staff here seem mad when you ask them for something . overall food is sub par , service is terrible . would not recommend going .	516
0	i was so excited to try emerson fry bread at our pre-booked staff event . we went outside at noon at their scheduled time to wait for the truck and they did n't show up . we called them to check in they just said , `` all we can do is say sorry , '' without any option of re-booking or offering to re-schedule . they said they were double booked and chose to go to the other place because there would be more people there - they did n't even tell us ! horrible customer service - i would not rely on this company to book any event , as they might just not show up and not warn you . : (	2937
1	i went in with a large group and we were seated promptly and received really good service . we all received our food at about the same time as well . clean restaurant .	672
1	very clean , easy navigation from the airport . friendly and courteous staff . had dinner at the hotel restaurant , johnathan gave great service . food was delicious ! great atmosphere . staying here again	3503
1	dr zedek is an awesome dr i 've been going to him for almost two years the staff is very friendly robin is my favorite . when i call she know me by my voice lol . love coming here i feel comfortable and at home .	3928
0	would not recommend . customer service awful . overpriced and they changed price even though i had a reservation with a quoted price ! maybe i arrived on 2 bad days but i will not use this lot again .	2531
0	this was my first time at massage envy . i came here for an arm injury since i was n't able to see my amazing chiropractor in california . i went with specific instructions from my chiro on the type of massage and specific areas the masseuse to work on . i choose massage envy because its a chain so i figured it would be professional establishment . translation , not a sketchy massage parlor . the introductory price was another bonus . you could tell the masseuse was fairly inexperienced . the massage was pretty generic . i probably would n't return . be prepared for the member spew when trying to pay for the one visit .	2252
0	this is the worse office . i spoke to several people on the phone in regard to canceling my insurance . i was told i would need to come to the office and sign forms . the telephone call was not good enough . i went to another office and explained my situation and they knew nothing about the other offices policy to have someone sign a form to cancel a policy . the way i was treated on the phone was rude and unprofessional . i would stay away from this office	2675
1	this place is great ! lots of choices and refills are discounted ! started our `` mall rat '' experience with a blue lemonade ( bf had plain margarita and loved it ) . well with the souvenir cup price . if you 're at planet hollywood go to miracle mile jist for alcohol .	2528
0	it seems like the products are made poorly . i do n't care what the suggested retail price is compared to what you are selling . the staff is usually to busy talking to help you and the customer service desk is not very knowledgeable of their products . i do n't think i will be going back .	3896
0	yogurt is watery and expensive . fro-yo should be much thicker than this . it should n't be a liquid 5 minutes after you start eating it . the only upside is that they offer the usual samples along with a loyalty program .	288
1	i bought 2018 vw tiguan from this dealership , it was great luck for me to meet peter who sell the car . he did understand my budget and i could see his effort to give me a great offer by persuading his boss .	2997
0	this waiting room is by far the worst i 've ever been to . staff is rude and has attitude , personal questions are asked loudly ( social security , personal information ) . i even heard staff ask a young woman loudly if she 's ever had any abortions or miscarriages . waiting times are extremely long . charged 150 for a consultation to show the doctor results i already knew the recommendation for ... . horrible experience . never ever ever go to becky gonzales . how she completed medical school i do n't know-she gave me incorrect information and was rude . no bedside manner . switched to dr knapp-so far other than the aforementioned she has been ok .	3059
0	i was very upset with my visit to red star vapor yesterday night . i wanted to buy one new coil and the shop clerk informed me that i must buy five , that they do not sell singles anymore . if there 's a sale to be made you make it	1747
1	i love this target . i just do . they 're nice and it 's comvienant and always easy to shop . we come here too often . would never review a target but wanted too bc they 're so nice .	1626
0	an average drink with an average meal . i may as well stay in airdrie and eat at the toad .	547
1	for the price point this one 's a keeper , especially for business travel . the location is great because you can walk over to a variety of restaurants and to the ayrsley grand cinemas to catch a movie . there is a free business center where you can use their computers and print your boarding pass , a modest gym and plenty of free parking . my room was clean , with a comfy bed and bedding , a keurig in-room coffee maker ( bring along your favorite k-cups ) and a mini fridge .	3289
0	very bad service we buy 4 vip tickets 75 $ each ticket include drinks and after they ask us to pay more for the drinks after we inside if u want do it over there think about that again	2245
0	i agree with the other poster , dr. rostan has a non-existent bedside manner . she is very abrupt , barely listening to you or explaining what she 's doing . i expect much more from a dermatologist when i 'm spenging $ 500+ on treatment .	2430
0	i 'm baffled by some of these great reviews . it makes me wonder whether those that gave such high reviews for this place have ever visited aquariums in different cities . i 'm a chicago native who has been in cleveland for a few years now and this museum is beyond disappointing . it 's dull and gloomy , not much to see , and just so old . needs a good renovation along with much more aquatic animals . way over priced for what you get .	706
1	great place for takeout just drive up . love their fish and wings . everything is so fresh . service was wonderful	1487
0	terrible terrible service . the asian gentlemen in the front is very rude no customer service skills i was looking and planning to spend a couple hundred dollars on hair wefts and because of his attitude i did not spend a dollar in there and will never go back . definitely going to another hair store in las vegas .	2826
0	服务态度差，其他人都挺好，就是前台的中国女人，叫sara，其服务态度尤其恶劣，自己不想说就说找主任和我聊，而她的主任就是她同等级前台同事而已，而且她同事不懂中文，以为我不会英文而欺负我老婆英文不好，真是可恶至极。	1788
1	habib has done dozens of pieces for me , and i am very happy with each one . he never hesitates to ask if anything needs to be changes after he has altered a piece . in fact , several times i have asked for small changes after his first alteration ( more for my own comfort , it still looked great ) and he has n't even charged me . all i can say is , habib wants his customers to be 100 % satisfied with the work that he does . it all comes down to communicating what you want . pieces completed for me : 1 full suit 1 blazer 7 dress shirts 3 pairs of pants 3 pairs of shorts	3391
1	seriously amazing ! this place is my biggest guilty pleasure . the cookies are so so soft and if you are gluten free/vegan they have cookies for you too that are surprisingly so moist and gooey . the customer service is excellent as well ! the only downfall is that they are closed during the day and monday-wednesday . i do n't like sweets usually but i am kind of addicted to these guys ! !	1522
0	after half an hour waiting for someone to take our order of an oven and a dishwasher , an employee tells me that it is my choice to bring my business elsewhere when i complain about the lack of help .	124
0	usuaully a 4 star+ , but the swordfish came out way to watery and the creamed corn was a mess , oil all over the plate too .	487
0	how this place is even still open amazes me . last 3 times we 've came here , restaurant is almost completely empty , with only 1 or 2 other tables being used . tonight we went there same thing , sat through the entire dinner with empty drinks , as the one waiter was fast walking by us over and over , used to love this place , but we wo n't be back	1116
1	i have been going here for years and franks never let me down . honest with fair prices what more can you ask for ? give frank a shot he is a few steps above the rest ! !	2318
1	while i 'm not a big sports fanatic , my bf is . they have everything from clothing , to keychains to stuffed animals etc . we come to this store for his favorite teams ' shirts and have always been lucky to find the sizes we need . the associates have been helpful and are not pushy at all . my bf always ends up having a full blown conversation with an employee about some sport related thing that i have no idea about . they offer 10 % off your purchase if you check in on yelp . i 'd definitely recommend this place if you are looking for sports gear at a competitive price !	871
1	just purchased some tires at the costco on hayden . rene the service manager is an excellent employee . great patience and knowledge . costco can not do any better than him .	1102
0	i honestly do n't even need to write a review . just look at the ones already written . completely speaks for itself . this establishment , if you will , is ran on disrespect , anger and lack of common sense . to sum up their attitudes.. they treat you as if they just found out their entire staff got untreatable chlamydia and they ca n't quit their job . ‍ if you wan na cry and ca n't get it out , just come down to the cranky chlamydia carnival and get checked out !	1925
1	no hassle membership sign up , gym is decent size , lots of machines but needs more workout benches . dry/wet sauna was the selling point for me .	1704
1	love love tahoe springs . been with them for five years . love my delivery driver . and i found out customers can custom order water bottle labels ! i 'm in love ! totally recommend this company .	2519
0	lamonica can straighten hair well . however , she is not the best at blowing and neither are her employees . after having my hair blow dried my ends were broken off . my ends were not previously split bc i 'd recently had them trimmed . i tried to talk to the owner about the issue but she defended the stylist poor techniques . i 've known others to go this salon and not be pleased by the outcome . i will not return .	3660
1	i 'll keep it short : awesome atmosphere , inexpensive drinks , cheap tickets to see great live music . all around a cool venue and a great time . i ca n't wait to go back !	225
1	it 's a must to see for every fitness freak ! at the time i counted 84 treadmills - taking into consideration they are just a fragment of the equipment they have everybody can imagine how big it is . free weights and machines from the american top brands will make not only your myocard muscle happy . climbing wall , basketball court , stretching zone with the stretching machines , inside+outside pool and relax zone are then the big cherry on the huge cake .	2762
0	went with a party of 20 for a birthday . food did not sit well with most of us . service is mediocre . food smells better than it tastes . would not return .	240
0	ever changing prices and inconsistent results . not worth the money . employees are rude and charge you different amounts even though you got the exact same stuff done as you did last time .	1316
1	great way to move a far distance by container . the most difficult part is making sure the furniture and boxes fit the container . i appreciated the assigned coordinator who was always available to answer any of my questions and the add-on to include the movers at pick up/ drop off was definitely a relief .	1613
1	i had a great experience with this dealership . my service advisor , meagan was very knowledgable and helpful . she answered all my dozens of questions and explained everything in detail . highly recommend ! i will be absolutely be returning for all future maintenance and repairs .	3788
1	specifically the bakery . i was ordering a cake for a party and the staff noticed right away i had no grasp of cake lingo . size , flavor , frosting `` style '' ... no clue . they produced a great looking and great tasting cake .	2105
1	everything was top notch and first class , after the fitting i immediately ordered clubs at the pro shop in the kierland golf club . i would highly recommend this fitting to anyone interested in new clubs	2934
1	love love love this gym ! wo n't go anywhere else but here ! daniel is the general manager here and he 's part of what sold me to this place- he always greets me with a smiling face and is always keen to answer questions for me . now since the gym has been taken over by new management , you can absolutely see the difference . the place is spotless ; the machines always in pristine condition and very clean . i would recommend this gym to anyone who wants to meet their fitness and weight loss goals !	3898
0	0 star is what they deserve . we are dealing right now with all western lender jim bandy . very unprofessional , he is putting us in a lot of stress.he doesnt know what he 's doing . sends an email instead of calling with very significant info . we are buyers and we feel like being lead by a blind in the house buying process and we might lose our earnest deposit and the house because of this lender . i will go to bbb to report this ridiculous practice by jim bandy . he thinks he can do everything . dont believe a word he says . he lies lies lies and lies . karma will come around .	968
0	walking along saint catherine 's in montreal and thought we would stop for a quick bite . have to say the food was quite flavourless . wonton soup was bland and wontons were very doughy . we also had the general tsao chicken and the pad thai and not to new rude but it tasted like food that you would get in a food court . i can appreciate that you get what you pay for but i thought it would be a little more authentic	1016
1	this place is a great dive . it reminds me a lot of the bars i used to hang out at back in the day in detroit . charlotte the bartender is awesome . i told her i was from detroit and she bought me a shot , who does that ? this is not a bar pretending to be a dive it 's a true dive . it was wall to wall people on a friday night and i felt perfectly at home with the freaks and the hipsters . it was kind of chilly so i ca n't say that i was sweaty at betty 's . i will make sure to come back the next time i 'm in town .	3077
1	have been using pepboys for years in our hometown back east and now out in vegas . jason is the best manager we have ever dealt with . he was transferred to this location and we followed him because he listens to your requests and does n't give you a run around like other locations have been known to do . everything is done in a timely manner . on one occasion we had to return the car and the technicians worked on it until the problem was finally solved . if you need work in the vegas /henderson area then try the location on boulder highway . all the employees are willing to help you out .	2960
1	my 19 year old son recently started a new hobby with fish . i went with him to pick out some plants for his aquarium and was quiet impressed with the friendly staff as well as the knowledge they had on plants as well as aquatic life . great customer service and experience .	1078
0	if i could give them 0 stars i would . the salesman on the phone was very rude . kept cutting me off , laughed when i asked him a question on the car i was inquiring about , and then hung up on me . i am still irritated when i think about how dissatisfactory his service was . all i can think about is how sketchy he made this company look . beware .	3261
0	king crab legs at frys 12/17/17 this review is for king crab legs purchased in the butcher seafood case . looked fine . did n't smell bad . after steaming , the crab meat smelled strongly of ammonia . looked it up and it appears that this indicates deterioration of the crab , or a bad holding tank when caught or stored . never had an experience with bad crab like this . definitely not eating it . over $ 100 purchased . will be returning for full refund , with receipt and sticker label per the customer service rep . disappointed .	3009
1	i 've been here several times already since i 've moved to the area and every time they have done a great job ! i am very picky about my nails and i have never ever been disappointed here . went again today for a pink and white and pedicure and came out with my nails looking beautiful .	3603
0	do not go here . total rip off . do n't do work you pay for . bought tires here . lasted a year . poor quality product . supposed to do wheel alignment , did n't . lied to my face about the tires i bought.always find something mechanical wrong with vehicle , charge you for things you do n't need .	2146
1	really nice room . good breakfast . location was perfect for my trip . only problem was air conditioning was n't working properly . maintenance tried to fix it but it was hit and miss . would like to give 3 1/2 stars but ca n't . would use again if this problem is solved .	2296
0	was never able to get ahold of anyone one the phone . i was told it was not possible for me to cancel my appointment , only reschedule . sent me a bill for a penny which could not be paid online . there is nothing convenient here .	1541
0	was really excited to try this place , attempted to go on saturday . yelp says the place is open until 10pm on saturdays , and we arrived 9pm . there were no lights on , and the sign was off , and their sign says they are open until 10pm . would have loved to try the place , but their hours are apparently a lie .	981
1	i 've always had great service from roadrunner . the poor reviews surprise me as roadrunner has always been crystal clear on shipping and options to expedite if needed . always receive my meds when i need them and most of the time i expedite and receive them the following day .	2827
1	best driving range on the west side of cleveland . new balls every year , huge grass area that is kept up , putting green . covered area with heaters for the bad weather as well .	2690
0	i really like doctor garcia but the staff is very rude and the wait even with am appointment was over am hour in the waiting room and 30 minutes in the room . i have tried calling in for refills and was told that we have to come in every time . i think that it 's just so they can charge the insurance .	2461
1	i have n't had any issues with this location in the 1.5 years that i 've lived in the area . my only complaint is that the parking situation is kinda meh , but overall a good store !	2141
0	bad service , long wait for the foods as well as for their service , took more than 20 minutes just to bring the utensils ...	1060
1	the service is quick and professional . living up to the starbucks name , they provide great customer service . they even helped me switch up my coffee for a delicious caramel matchiado .	3558
1	i 'm not a guy who normally gets his meat from a butcher , to be quite honest . i have in the past , but not anymore than going to your local grocery store . this shop has changed my opinion on that , and i plan on coming for more ! possibly the best meat i 've taken home to cook myself that i 've found in the pittsburgh area to date . give it a shot , you wo n't be disappointed .	2794
0	gals at front desk check in were friendly . we stayed 2 days and mentioned problems with hot tub during first night . they called back and said issue was fixed , no it was n't . called again on second night with same hot tub complaint , they said it was fixed , no it was n't . we expected marriot type service but did n't receive that . we made a special trip from ohio and were disappointed with how things worked out here . we will look to stay elsewhere next time visiting arizona .	230
1	i want to thank omni limo for their amazing service . my husband was shot in the knee at the route 91 harvest festival and after having surgery his leg was immobilized . he was not able to get into our truck to get him home from las vegas to southern california . omni donated our ride back to to ca . their driver mark , also donated his time to drive us back . the ride back was smooth and comfortable and we are so grateful for omni and mark to get us safely back home . after experiencing such a traumatic experience , their kindness and generosity was so appreciated !	2901
0	this place is a dirty ghetto ass dump . its so filthly inside . and the crowd in here goes with it perfectly . food in cafe is cheap and good .	3580
0	like the reviews below me , this place is the worst . they 're rude , unorganized , promised me that i 'd have everything before my wedding and now they told me they ca n't even open the files i sent ( 2 hours before i was supposed to pick up the print jobs ) . unbelievable . i was told that the woman who took my order is `` just the woman who answers the phone - she does n't know '' . stay away !	3090
1	best selection of beauty products . just bisiting in town for ibs beauty event and pleasantly surprised w/ the variety . they do not have a public rr for paying clients or patrons ( probably for security reasons ) but you will not be disappointed otherwise .	2826
0	very slow service . i 'm sure they must be short staffed . waited 2 hours to pick up glasses when was told they were going to be done the day before . took 2.5 hours to order them the first time . while here , they lost someone else 's glasses and could n't find another 's . they need to have bathroom cleaned . glasses are cheap and faster than getting them elsewhere though . you are buying the glasses off the wall- so if the paint is coming off the frame , that 's what you get .	1590
1	people always say that cold stone is expensive . but , for anything you truly want you 'll pay a little extra . there are always groupons and deals constantly . the atmosphere is always pleasant . there are a variety of flavors and mix-ins . so many choices can make an indecisive person bananas . my favorite is cheesecake fantasy minus the blueberries .	3646
1	passing through town for the holidays and stumbled into this gem ! wow ! the entertainers are amazing and so funny . the staff was very attentive and made us feel welcome . drinks are very reasonably priced and we loved the fishbowls and the jello shots . definitely recommend ! will be back .	1176
1	food was great , and service was fast . my girlfriend took me here for my birthday and got them to surprise me with a cheesecake . we ordered the meat pizza , 10oz . steak , and arugula salad . everything was great .	163
0	so ... no . just ... no . before i picked up a plate to start in on the food , i noticed a roach on the buffet . i alerted a waitress , who acted as if it was nothing new , and she removed the tongs the roach was crawling on . sadly she did not remove the bread the roach had been crawling on before it made its way to the tongs . i quietly walked back to my seat to retrieve my belongings and exited the establishment . i will be calling the champaign-urbana public health district to log a complaint and make sure they follow up .	135
1	best homemade food i 've had in a long time . sweet people that run the place and always a pleasant experience .	2612
0	horrible , for 38 bucks you get 40 tickets but very limited rides and the coolest one bungee jump cost 9 tickets , the mechanical cost 3 and the 3 booth games were horrible ranging 3-9 tickets , waste of money and time . try the rampart halloween town from farmer john more ride and way more fun for 40 bucks .	1900
0	really wanted to like it but i wo n't be back , the restaurant was n't very clean , and my food was soggy . it was weird	975
1	best storage place around very friendly and great service would n't go anywhere else . i definitely recommend	1887
0	my friend & i stopped at the rita 's on tatum blvd one evening last week . we both got the gelato with custard - our favorite . it was around 9:40pm and they normally close at 10:00pm . the employees must have been anxious to be done with their shift since they started to clean up for the night . one of the employees brought in the tables and chairs from outside and the big garbage can . she pulled out the bag of garbage and swung it over the food counter . when more customers came in , she served them without washing her hands . i ca n't imagine the bacteria that was on that garbage .	2162
0	i have tried to make an appointment 5 times this month and no one answers the phone during business hours , responds to messages , or follows up on the appointment request forms filled out online . my coworker who sits right next to me was able to get an appointment and she even mentioned to them the trouble i was having making an appointment and i still ca n't get a call back .	1670
1	incredible . i 'm a self-proclaimed donut snob , and this place is my new favorite in huntersville ! i 've tried the boston creme , apple cider , and pumpkin - all delicious . love this place !	2051
1	gosh i wish this place was in my home town ! the best manicure i 've ever had ! ben made sure my nails were perfect and took his time.i never felt rushed.i ca n't stop looking at my nails ! i wish they would stay forever ! who would have thought you could have such a great experience at a nail salon off the grid in vegas !	2686
1	loved hanging out here today - the art and design was refreshing and beautifully done ! this place has a variety of seating - great for meeting up with a friend or bringing your laptop to get some work done while you enjoy a latte . found this gem to be full of life in a vibrant , cozy kind of way .	720
1	i called this morning and made an appointment for this morning . the office was helpful and professional . i saw jimmy tran and he was very personable and really cared , he took the time to look me over and gave recommendations and even did some procedures . i would recommend him and his office for your skin needs .	3598
1	it 's worth the trip out from charlotte to eat these magical , wonderful cupcakes . actually , it 's kind of a fun day trip . a girlfriend and i went to cornelius to have cupcakes , and then we went a few miles up 77 north to hang around davidson and check out little art galleries and cute coffee shops . it was a good day . but the cupcakes at sweetcakes were definitely the star of the show . the pink one , which is strawberry but tastes wonderfully lemony , is magical . the almond one has amaretto in it . i ca n't think about them anymore . they are too special . i 'm getting excited .	2013
0	i do n't usually go here to so my eyebrows but i needed to come here for an emergency threading . the lady completely messed up my eyebrows and did not honor my requests . they are closing the southpark mall location soon so it 's not too hard to avoid this idolize bar . my specialist seemed to be in a rush and when i asked her to modify what she did ( very politely ) she was annoyed and hesitant . next time i will stick to the eyebrow places i am comfortable with . long story short i asked to keep my thickness with an arch and she completely thinned them out . never again .	2630
0	i would give zero stars if i could . i paid almost $ 30 to wash my car . the inside vacuum was terribly done , they did n't even pick up my rugs so all the dirt still on the sides . my dash and cup holders were carelessly wiped . i have to redo everything once i get home because all the crumbs are still there . i 'm tired of car washes that take your money and then you 're just a number . service is not a priority .	3061
1	just a quick update.. sarah continues to provide excellent service and quality customer service you 're very comfortable and fun i could n't imagine going anywhere else thank you again sara for giving me great eyelashes !	3685
0	the overall experience was horrible..drove down from california for my husband birthday took him here to get a massage . it was horrible , it was rushed , rough , the guy smelled like smoke , i had to tell him more than once please lighten up too rough it hurts , it was overall bad , he had a full conversation with the other lady while doin my massage how can i relax with you talking and screaming to people in the hall way ... so disappointed i paid and gave a tip never again i will never come here again	735
1	the hotel was nice but bathrooms are too dark . even with magnifying mirror , it is hard to do make-up , etc . restaurant is much too expensive . staff was helpful and courteous and quick to respond to requests . also rooms need complimentary microwaves and refrigerators	1690
0	worst location ever ! they all have their heads up their damn , mother fucking asses ! ! ! thet messed up my entire order ! them fucking assholes ! ! !	1365
0	eh . had a burger and fries and it was eh . the fries were hollow shells with no potato inside that seemed to have been held under the heat lamp until someone ordered them . definitely not fresh . they offer free refills on fries but they tasted like crap so i did n't want more . you get what you pay for so i did n't complain . the burger had little to no flavor but was cooked to the correct temperature . next time i think i 'll go next door to outback when i want a burger for lunch .	1367
0	service was good . beer selection was also good . food very bad . wife 's burger was waay undercooked which is hard to understand since they use an `` automatic grill '' which cooks to medium well . in short , stop in for a beer but skip the food .	957
1	brandon did a great job fixing my windshield , he was helpful , and very friendly . i will definitely refer safe light to my friends and family .	2036
1	i had to bring my 2008 odyssey van in to arrowhead honda with a noise in the front end . tom , the service writer , assisted with the difficult diagnosis which took a return trip to figure out . he was professional and thorough . thanks to the team at arrowhead honda , my van sounds and feels like brand new . thank you ! !	2210
0	went here today because i was craving a chicken gyro . they did not have that on their menu so i ordered a steak shawarma . i also ordered a small greek salad so that my total would be over $ 10 and i could use a coupon for $ 2 off . i ask the cashier if he had ever tried that ziki sauce on the steak shawarma he said that he got the garlic sauce on it so i got that on the side . service was pretty quick , i sat close to the door because i was parked in 5 minute parking . the steak had a sort of sweet taste and was pretty good , the salad was good .	755
0	mediocre comedy . short show . two drink minimum purchase - and the drinks were n't cheap . appetizers were pricey and unimpressive , as well . probably would n't choose to go back .	42
0	so sad that this place has gone downhill . we have loved this place since it 's opening . however , now that management has changed , the food has gotten pricey , the service lazy , and the wine mediocre .	49
0	their food is good ... if you pick it up ! called at 6:06 pm for a delivery of a large pizza and a steak hoagie and it 's 7:25 pm and the food is n't even out for delivery . i could hear the driver in the background saying it will be there shortly and then the employee put the phone back to his ear and told me it was out for delivery ... food got here at 7:38 ... . ice cold : /	512
1	love their donuts ! but kinda pricey at $ 1.30/each . highly suggest the filled ones .	2666
1	ty at the express wash is super awesome . i always feel like family at cobblestone and get amazing customer service . i have been coming here for 7 years now with no complaints . thank you so much ! ! !	127
0	the guy who opened my account made a mistake or lied and left out pertinent information that ended up charging me $ 75 over 2 1/2 months . they do n't switch the checking account to the cheaper checking account automatically after the trial period ( lie/mistake ) . they failed to tell me that there are two different credit card charges . one that incurs a $ 10 fee each time even though i have money in my accounts . some bs about manually transferring money between accounts which was never disclosed to me , ever . i switched from chase to a `` less evil '' credit union but the mega bank ended up costing me less . taking my money out .	1141
0	drive all the way to ulta to get there for the daily deals and they 're out of the product and they do n't offer rain checks do n't bother going to ulta their daily deals . it 's a big rip off	384
0	pros : some fun cons : -horrible rental guns unless you spend $ $ $ -crazy paint prices ! 10 $ +tax for a 100 balls ? u r kidding ! ? you can pick up a box/2000 for 30+tax at any paintball store ! ripoff -place is really dark -everything has like an inch of paint on it , even if you did n't get shot you will get a lot of paint on you . -kids working as refs/immature/do n't care about anything .	2926
1	ordered two different flavor wings . they were really delicious , and the delivery was fast . they have us a bunch of extra sauce and ranch . pretty good , i 'll eat them again .	1399
1	ryan was more than professional and timely when a quote was requested for front yard landscaping . he came out the next day which made it clear that his clients are important and a priority ! his ideas were modern and relevant and were clearly from him listening to what i asked for or ideas i had ! a+ for professionalism ! ! !	2091
1	i had a really good experience here . i went in on a saturday with 2 of my friends and we got pedicures . the service was as expected and we 'd happily go back .	2362
1	i always take my boys school shopping here . i find amazing deals and i 'm pretty satisfied with the selections that they have . they have brought in a sephora as well . i buy a huge chuck of my makeup here and now that it 's closer , i am one happy camper . the store was very clean and the staff was friendly .	3633
0	i only went to this theater because it was close to campus and they use the theater to watch finding dory . when i had some time afterwards to go shopping i found that many of the stores were not unique and some were quite ghetto .	2813
1	great sandwiches and even better bagels i will be back for more bagels they are imported from new york and i ca n't believe the difference that makes	960
1	we stayed here for one night and the room was very clean although it was a bit small i was able to fit two pack n play . the staff were also friendly . would have stayed longer but it was too far from where i needed it to be .	1246
0	steak ' n shake is my favorite restaurant of-all-time since my first discovery in 1969 in daytona beach florida . most locations maintain a first class customer experience . the grill and kitchen are in plain view . it pains me to say this one on sr 91 som center is sub-par . i have given it several opportunities to improve . they are apologetic . i wo n't blame the wait staff . something to do with management . i make the drive out to the steak ' n shake near heisley rd in mentor . much better .	221
0	wife tried to take our infinity there and they seemed like they were to busy for a business . told her to leave the car and that would get to it when they could . never ask her , her name . and never took the time to make her feel comfortable about having to bring it in the first . terrible experience do n't recommend to anybody .	2041
1	fast and friendly service ! i got a tuna salad sandwich - it had capers in it , which was a nice touch . : ) also , the ingredients were fresh and yummy ! good for simple food while traveling !	447
0	`` a grumpy and terse waitress `` as from what i read in another review is really close to this woman and her wait staff skills . third time experiencing the local spot - definitely the last time . first time was solo and they were very busy . decent burger . second time the server was glaring instead of waiting my table with company . definitely in a foul mood and visibly shown . third visit , today , incorrect orders . sarcasm when addressed . i 'm no fan and wo n't need to go back here .	253
1	great service , everyone is so helpful with the menu . the food is fresh and delicious . the flavors are so unique for each dish . not like some chinese joints where everything kind of tastes the same ... we ordered a la carte so i cant comment on their daily lunch buffet , i 'll be trying that next time .	568
1	i give it a total of four stars ! my husband loves this location . in my opinion the staff are not that fast . you must stand in line much to long for my taste . it 's like can u hurry i have a life and i 'd very much so like to return to it . i swear they ring up one item every five minutes . lol ok well at least that 's what it feels like .	1050
0	so , let me try my best not to be that guy/ reviewer . the only reason i 'm rating 2 stars is because of how i was treated . the restaurant catered a work event and the food was wonderful ! but , when i went to the restaurant they refused to do any carry out for me and said buffet only . this would normally not upset me but i saw a woman leave with several takeout bags ... . not too happy . i may give it a second chance and revise my review . trying a different restaurant until that day .	1507
0	food is always ok . ordered the cesar salad and the salad was old ... the place smells really bad it 's dirty and they were four employees standing around doing nothing on the sunday afternoon when there 's no customers but me inside . the floor was dirty no paper towels in the bathroom and it smelled horrible do n't think i 'll be coming back here anytime soon , i think i 'll just stick with the sahara location for now . whatever happened to employees taking pride in their job and doing what they 're supposed to like mopping and cleaning and making the place look good not here ! !	998
1	the best ! ! ! ! highly recommend for anyone traveling to vegas and want to have an awesome experience ! ! vicky was an amazing host and made it one of the best experiences ! ! ahhhhmazing !	2122
1	solar is by far the best nail salon around here . racheal and ben are spot on . they are efficient and still manage to take their time . this place gel nails last the longest of any other place i 've gone . it 's very clean and they are super friendly . worth the drive to huntersville .	3603
1	we had been looking for an elliptical for awhile and had the hardest time finding one . lucky we had the help of our excellent salesman brysson ! he was very helpful and went over all the benefits and features and made the process so easy . delivery was awesome and we 're very , very happy with our purchase ! thanks again brysson ! if you need help i highly recommend you ask for him !	439
0	this was not good italian , but you get what you pay for i suppose . the veal parmesan was mediocre at best the breading was mushy and fell off . the pomodoro sauce tasted like it was out of a can . the chicken articano was a little better , but could use more spices and was a little heavy .	728
1	i enjoyed my stay they are so nice and friendly . there restaurant and bar is very attractive looking decorated perfect it looks like they put alot into it the food is authentic and delicious the rooms are large and vey clean . the pool area is clean and the pool is beautiful .	1888
1	my favorite place to relax . anthony , jenny and the gang are awesome ! the spa pedicures , gels and designs are a specialty . and a bonus is they are open seven days a week .	1429
0	store manager has one crappy attitude i 'll put up with this place only because the jewerly is fabulous . i do n't think she even knows that her attitude rubs up on the rest of her employees . or that she knows that many people here in phoenix know about the crappy service they get in here but they do n't mind taking my large sums of money for overpriced jewelry ! ! she really got a pass today . be prepared you never know coming in here ... . i 've been coming here for 5 year	2895
1	bravo is good every time . the food , service and atmosphere is amazing . their new menu is not as good a before but is still better than most . the lobster bisque is amazing and highly recommended .	873
1	i 'm the administrator for santa rosa . we have 5 different locations . if anyone has any complaints about anything at any of our locations , please feel free to call me on my direct line and i would be more then happy to resolve any issues . 702-750-1314 my job is to make sure our patients are well taken care of .	1466
0	i absolutely love authentic mexican food however i am disappointed to say tacos chiwas let me down . my pollo taco although tiny for $ 2.50 was flavorful . unfortunately my asada gordita was soft & missing the usual hardness ( like other places ) and the meat was very greasy , fatty , chewy , & tasteless . just yuck ! ! will not be back . oh & if you dont eat pork dont get the bean soup it 's loaded with ham .	270
1	i have been to this massage envy a few times and have always had a goid experience . elizabeth is great , i would definitely recommend her !	3744
0	as sweet as the cook is and the staff are , the food here is terrible . the broth of any ramen needs to be good to make a place last . unfortunately , the broth and noodles are not tasty nor are they authentic . hopefully with some retooling the young cook can improve his broth as i would love to see him succeed .	131
1	the entrance is facing the parking lot and wo n't be able to enter from within the building . this location is the prettiest one of the franchises . it 's clean and spacious . they offer hk style hot cafe foods , drinks , buns , desserts and tong shui . lots of seats for you to enjoy your food and to lounge around ( i saw ppl there with their laptops but not sure if there 's wifi )	2971
0	do n't order takeout from here if you expect what you ordered to actually be delivered . and when you call them to let them know they will call you a liar . the shai paneer was so bland , i 've never had something so tasteless before . the street chaat was missing key ingredients which does n't make it a chaat anymore . the naan was the only thing i could recommend .	889
0	bought three cars from this dealership for my family in two months promised $ 100 referral fee you can forget about ever seeing that money if your promise that as well . lying dealership and salesforce and managers just like the rest	624
1	good price , responsive service . when the airline we booked cancelled our return flight , flightnetwork rebooked our return flight and the connecting flight . thank you !	1574
0	i feel like i was played . this is no different from a gas station carwash . when you pay they actually hand you a disposable towel . that right there is when i knew i was in serious trouble . it was 110 outside and he handed me a darn towel . they also have vacuums that you can use yourself . so you actually pay to drive thru the carwash , dry and vacuum your own car . wth is that about . it was burning up outside . you can somewhere else and pay the same exact money and have them wash , dry , and vacuum your car .	2093
0	this is not whole foods ! this is fresh and easy , which has creepy gmo and processed mainstream foods everywhere .	3874
0	station square is on old railroad station that 's been converted to a restaurant and shopping district . it is a good place to go if you are a history buffs who enjoy old railroad stations , or perhaps if you have children or like chain restaurants and duck tours . the shopping selection is quite limited and restaurants include bar louie , buca di beppo , hard rock café , houlihan 's , joe 's crab shack , the melting pot , and various others . go if you prefer comfortable suburban style setting ; do n't go if you are looking for local character and flavor .	3152
1	lynette gets another 5 star from me ! ! ! she asked if i noticed a difference in my skin after my last treatments . i do feel there is a great improvement in my face and neck . i never feel pressured into buying other products and she does a very professional job ! ! ! looking forward to my next appointment already . thanks lynette ! !	2620
0	do n't stay here if there is a wedding scheduled unless you want to hear loud dance music through the glass and not be able to use your deck . so disappointing since this is a really nice resort and we were looking forward to enjoying it .	2700
1	i really like this venue . i ca n't complain when the venue is very intimate , the staff are organized , the bar beverages are very reasonably priced , the bathrooms are clean/not packed , and when there 's a kfc in site . i enjoyed this venue a lot . last night 's show was lil xan . lol	17
0	monty 's offers many vegetarian options . for example , they offer the reuben sandwich for meat eaters and the sheldon for vegetarians . i am consistently disappointed when i visit monty 's . on the last visit , i my fries were cold and my glass was dirty and cracked . a companion ordered a plain cheeseburger and it was loaded with onions . the carrot cake was obviously old -- the cake was dried and the frosting was crusty . another companion got the german chocolate cake which was also dry . it 's a cool place , but needs better food .	975
1	great server , great food . reasonably priced . the inside is nice and cozy feeling with a good vibe . i am glad to see an indian style restaurant close to home . i will be back !	640
1	super clean new nail salon in the neighborhood ! ! they 're also the first place nearby to have sns ! ! love this place	1834
0	i gave them a 2 instead of a 1 because they are actually able to fulllfill subscriptions within a reasonable timeframe . my main problem with them is that they have a dangerous curb next to the prescription drive up window . it is not marked , nor is it visible in my mustang from the drivers seat . when i drove over it i injured the two people in the back , who hit their heads on my roof . the staff did not seem concerned and although the manager was supposed to call me back it never happened .	2080
0	we have been going here for years unfortunately the last few times it has become worse . the chicken is pounded so flat it is dry and stringy hard to chew . the sauces taste like they came out of a jar with an artificial taste . the owners were arguing in their native tongue , very upsetting and made us feel uncomfortable . our waitress saw all the half chewed chicken on my plate and asked if i wanted a take out box , yikes ! we will vote with our feet , no more `` king wahs '' . the decor needs a good cleaning and updating along with quality food and friendlier staff .	1490
0	i personally think the subs are just so so . my mum likes them however . so this is the second time i have popped in during the last hour of business to get her a sandwich , while visiting her in sun city . both times the workers seem not the friendliest , however being a flight attendant for almost 10 years ... i get the end of a long shift blues . drained from a busy day . so i do n't let it bug me . i am sure my mum will have me stop in again .	1475
1	fabulous food ! beautiful restaurant inside with outside patio seating as well . you have to order the chicken shish kabobs ! better than homemade . delicious chicken ( nice portions ) fresh onions/bell peppers . it comes with rice and sautéed vegetables . all are cooked to perfection . this entrée is served with an amazing garlic/olive oil dipping sauce that is out of this world ! we have also tried many things on the menu . everything has been flavorful and cooked perfectly . highest recommendation ! great , pleasant service too ~	185
1	went here with my husband and 3 other couples last night . the food was excellent . the eggplant appetizer and calamari diavolo were delicious . all of us enjoyed our entrees . i had torteloni with crab and shrimp ... loved it although i will say i wish the waiter yanni would have told me it 'd be spicy . homemade tiramisu and limoncello were fantastic . service was a bit slow ... some at the table minded but i loved relaxing between courses and enjoyed my friends ' company ... looking forward to returning	423
0	worst car rental place ! ! ! ! they advertise low prices , then double when writing up the contract . very rude on the phone and in person . agents ignoring me when in line so they can discuss their excessive drinking the night before . be warned ... do n't use them ! ! !	3576
1	been there in friday and saturday nights . not a bad spot to go . the staff is actually really good , friendly and professional . the drinks are good for what you pay for . the only complaint that i have is the ac . it can get really hot in phx and just as hot inside the club . i would definitely go back .	1734
1	went there to hang out with a few friends -- very nice and attentive staff , quick service , and nice atmosphere on a weeknight !	130
0	i really have no comment . it wo n't post without . i hired brad once before and the job went well .	795
1	i had a great experience working with fred and david delgado , they are on top of things , i am very satisfied with their services , they sold my house fast , i got an offer in less than 24hrs , i highly recommend them to all my friends and family . thank you david for the fast response to all my questions and concerns . you guys are the best !	1805
1	went first thing when they opened . the associate was extremely helpful . we had a problem and he was able to find the source of the problem , offer a solution ( w/options ) without trying to upset or upgrade . will definitely be back next time there 's a need ! !	2166
1	wonderful service and excellent food ! everything we 've ordered has been great . our favorites , include the `` happy family '' ( seafood menu ) , cheese puffs , veggie egg rolls , mongolian beef , sweet & sour chicken , fried rice , and garlic chicken . we feel the portions are generous and the prices very reasonable . if you have n't tried it , we recommend you do !	1264
0	went back and thought i would give it another try store is dirty and product is just jammed in anywhere with no consideration to freshness . i do n't think they are in the confectionary business concentrating on mini golf and adding to their secondary businesses . wo n't go again	2418
1	great food , excellent happy hour with an amazing buffet ! ! !	114
1	new managment has really changed this place for the better . the club house has been refreshed , the gym is being remodeled , the main pool is being redone and managment is more responsive to requests . some of the perks are : -many units have vaulted ceilings ( keeps the living space cool in summer ) - large wrap around balconies - mature landscaping and trees with good foliage cover - 3 pools - washer and dryers in units	1828
0	after one recent good experience with freshly made desert crepe this late lunch was awful . crepes were pre-made and served reheated . my small nutella desert crepe was brought to the table 10 min before the turkey crepe for a main meal . turkey pesto crepe was horrible , again not freshly made and stuffed with dry turkey meat . $ 20 disaster . i did n't think crepe can ever be bad ... i was wrong .	1011
0	terrible customer service in the auto care section . rude in person and impossible to reach over the phone . over charging of parts and misrepresented incentives for members . service advisor called me by the wrong name several times and the female working at the desk acted like you were disturbing her . will never be back nor recommend this place to anyone . roadside assistance was top notch ... the only thing that bumped their star rating !	359
0	i will never come here again to get my eyebrows done . the reason for my bad review is that leeann burned/peeled two layers of my skin off . its super inflamed and you should never go through this much pain when getting your eyebrows done .	2288
1	i ca n't believe some of the complaints on here ! retro dog is awesome plain and simple , if you do n't like something you picked out build your own meal ! they offer that . any who , never have had a bad meal , in fact we drive from north royalton/strongsville just to have there food ! there hot dogs & & & burgers are to die for , seriously ! the prices i do n't mind at all either because i work at a family establishment and times are tough and so are soaring prices in the food industry ! we love you retro dog !	953
1	why is the lakewood marc 's so gungy ? is it because its not in a 'burb ? ? i visited the north olmsted marc 's today . so clean and organized . they did n't have my honey 's hair color but they did have ooops bread . it 's loaves of bread made from loaf remnants . cheap and delish ! !	3216
1	awesome job on cleaning up my messy vehicle ! definitely a great place to get your car back to being shiny !	3899
1	food was good , friendly service here . i ordered the lunch special just before 3pm . sides were modest at best but would def come back .	396
0	stale donuts and it took about 5 minutes to order through drive through because of a language barrier	3137
0	i called fast fix this morning to get a quote for replacing the screen on my cell phone . i was quoted $ 500 - almost as much as buying a brand new phone . i called another shop and was quoted $ 130 for the exact same repair . the reviews are accurate - stay away !	3533
1	super cool shop ! ! very helpful staff . alex the security guard was super friendly ! ! ! all in all a fun experience !	1025
0	terrible . stabbed me and made me bleed . filed my nails at weird angles despite repeatedly asking for them to make them even and symmetrical . then i leave and i noticed they did n't even cover the entire nail with polish ... .all the sides show my natural nails because they only pained the middle . horrible . do n't go here	1866
0	we showed up at this location at exactly 11am the time posted on the door that listed their hours of operation . the employee was unlocking the door to let herself in , and then proceeded to go inside and lock the door behind her , leaving us to stand outside in awe . enough said , we left and wont be back .	264
1	this place is amazing ! ! i have been here three times for massages and every time it gets better ! so relaxing ! definitely try this place out if you want a great massage !	2320
0	wow ... hostess was completely unprofessional . she was sitting people at tables plopping menus down and walking away without saying a word . server was friendly and food was delicious , but to be greeted by a rude young lady was ridiculous ... ca n't say i will be coming back anytime soon .	192
1	amy ! amy ! amy ! she is just the best piercer there is . she is beyond amazing . she was my piercer in san diego and unfortunately for me she moved to vegas a while back . so while on vacation we decided to get pierced and of course we went straight to amy . i got a facial dermal and my boyfriend got two conch piercings . she was just the best . the shop is great too as are the tattoo artists . the guys at the shop are funny , super nice and very welcoming . if you are in vegas go to johnny laws on fremont . you will absolutely not be disappointed !	665
1	i would rate this as my and my son 's favorite activity in the plaza . the mirror maze is just the right amount of challenge . the laser games are also excellent . i did n't think they were priced too high but i received a discount with my aquarium ticket . the staff was very nice , helpful and understanding . definitely worth checking out if you have school aged children that enjoy mazes and laser games .	3060
1	this place has some really good wings . this location opened up a little while back but we have been there many times since then . i prefer bone-in wings and they are really good here . the boneless option is also really good ( my girlfriend prefers these ) . they have some great flavors that span the spectrum of mild to hot . the garlic parmesan flavor is good as is the teriyaki and bbq . they have a variety of combos and deals so you can take care of however many people you are ordering for . if you are craving wings and are in the area , definitely stop in here .	1395
0	the food was good and the price was right my date ordered a doubleburger she only got a singleburger i said something she didnt touch the singleburger and they came with a hamberger patty on a plate for us to reassemble the sandwich unprofessional i said we have to assemble it our self ? my date said just leave it im not a fan of the whole ordering like fast food and sit with ur # and they deliver thing food good service bad	501
1	lee provided excellent customer service and worked with us to make sure we got the car we wanted and were happy . pick up from our hotel was convenient and the car worked great for our multi-day trip to the grand canyon and sedona .	2373
0	only because zero is not an option- switched from att to `` have my bill cut in half '' completely bs i now have a bill that 's over double of what i was paying before . service is always out or issues . phone replacement ha that 's a joke ! ! they nickel and dime you . the billing department has n't been much good either .	1237
0	so i went in to this place to get lashes done by tasha and at first it looked okay for $ 15 , but like 10 minutes later they started to fall off . which i was pretty irritated about because even though i did n't pay that much , they should still be able to stay on longer than that . also the red haired girl had a funny smirk on her face the whole time , and they were n't very friendly . i give a 2 on customer skills , and a 1 on the `` professional '' part of the service .	3614
0	rudest people at any gas station anywhere . i spend $ 600 - $ 700 a week in fuel . never at another pdq	3712
0	way overpriced . same chinese crap you can buy anywhere in town . place was a ghost town on a saturday afternoon . meanwhile , up the highway , their competitor warehouse is running non-stop to fill orders . suggest they make some changes quick or they wo n't be around by the end of the year .	2071
1	cafe 157 continues to be our favorite restaurant in the area they are very accommodating and the food is fantastic no matter what we order	1193
1	shoppers is like a cvs/walgreens/duane reede.. except in canada . or at least toronto . i love love love that i can find all my awesome goodies i cant get in the us like ketchup chips and coffee crunchie cnady . i mgiht be spelling that wrong . everything is organized neatly and they have plenty in stock of everything . there are a bunch of checkstands so check out is a breeze . i know where to go now if i ever forget to pack any toiletries or anything . : )	1089
0	no ! the food is n't worth the money to me . it 's not seasoned , the fries are awful . it 's best to drive down craig to raising canes . ! !	998
0	after enjoying a 6 oz burger on a multi-grain flatbread ... .i threw it all up 8 hours later . thanks , hero burger , for giving me food poisoning and keeping me up all night . not worth the 7 dollars .	445
1	robin is a great tech ! she is very professional and friendly . i highly recommend her ! the office is very clean and comfortable .	343
1	good solid breakfast , great service the past few times after having poor service a couple years ago . clean . convenient to get in and out quick .	531
1	had to book a hotel in az fast and this was the only marriott with a room available . the surrounding neighborhood looks run down with dilapidated cars a plenty . once you walk into the hotel lobby you forget about the mess outside . the toiletries here are from bath & bodyworks , wifi is free , and milk & cookies nightly .	230
0	this is a very small campus store that has some necessities and some food and a pharmacy , but it is n't a `` big walmart '' that you typically see . i wonder how many people like us did a google maps search for the closest walmart while in tempe and came here , then left to go find a regular sized store . i 'm sure it is great for those on campus to stop in and get things quick , but just note that it is n't a regular sized walmart and some of the business photos posted for it are very misleading .	3318
0	so very frustrating that there is such lacking response to the inquiries about getting fans in the group fitness room . it gets so incredibly hot and humid the room during the summer with little air circulation . we have had to stop classes early and many students need to stop and go out to the main gym for some air in fear of passing out . my fan inquiries as well as many of my classmates have gone unanswered . not sure if it is an electrical concern or cost , but i am about to be a nerd and bring my fan from home .	641
1	they have the friendliest staff at this whole foods . they know me by name and always have samples ready for the little boy i nanny before we even walk up to the deli counter . maureen the checker , kathy in vitamins , and daniel & paula in the deli are all exceptional- go see them if you need anything they will be happy to help .	3874
1	i am so impressed with this company ! joe actually cares about getting your problem solved . we had a major problem and no one can find the source . joe worked with me every day until we found the problem . his personal concern and is professional manner or something you rarely find anymore . i highly recommend this company . fair prices , wonderful service , professional results , if there were six stars i would give him six stars . thanks again joe !	598
0	too much money for something i could do at home the first on is what i asked for no trim and the second is what i got . the third is me before the trim this place is the worst place to go to end of story ! ! ! !	2577
0	they are rip off scam artists ! ! the internet contract was for $ 23 dollars a day plus tax , total $ 41 . i returned it an hour earlier than the 24 hours and they charged another $ 11 . when i disputed the charge the counter clerk said the manager would call me right back . it is 4 days later and 4 phone calls to them and no response . obviously they are giving competitive quotes and then adding ridiculous surcharges . do not do business with this crooked company , as everyone else has advised . alan a	3595
0	i wish i could give a zero ! since management likes to have fb remove reviews , i 'll post here as well . any establishment that allows anyone to be accosted ( especially women ) should be seriously ashamed of themselves ! the management there is joke and just concerned with money and not the well being of their female patrons !	1734
0	i went there and got a bacon cheeseburger and it was absolutely disgusting . yuck . the service was great though .	1491
1	a-quality was assigned to us from our warranty company . we called to see if they could come out as soon as possible bc our air was out and we have small children in the house . they were great and came out right away ! daniel , the technician was very nice ! he originally said it could be a couple days bc of the part we needed . he made some calls , was able to get the part and fix it for us same day . highly recommend them if you have an a/c problem !	2657
0	first time i went there had a great experience . the owner did my nails and did a great job . went back again had a terrible time my nails look awful they charge you to take the nails off that they originally put on they charge you for a new set on top of that charge and they charge you for design being a glitter overcoat . never going back	2886
1	let me just say the staff is so accommodating and friendly ! i was looking for father 's day gifts for our parents and found it without any issues . we were immediately greeted at the door , asked what we were looking for , and directed towards that section . they had a variety suitable for every sports fan ! we quickly found what we were looking for . no problems , no delays . literally in and out !	871
1	i like this bar ! it 's close to eaton center . they have beer cocktails . and barrels full of peanuts for grabs ! i like the open face seafood sandwich , the german sausages are good also . i like meeting friends here and have a beer . again , location is a huge factor as well . i 've been here on weekend evenings when it 's jam-packed and also on weekday afternoon just to sit by the open store front enjoy a beer and a some friendly conversation . i like it !	670
1	clean , good service , tons of choices , sushi was good and fresh , chinese stuff good ... .3 people for dinner , 2 drinks was $ 40	1302
1	i was here last night with a friend . i came in a little inebriated so the bar tender told me to drink water before he would serve me . i am really glad the bar tenders here are responsible like that . most places the bar tender would just pour you whatever you want to drink and not care if you might be getting drunk .	1679
0	they actually open at 11:00 am , not 9:00 . also , the address listed is wrong . it is actually 2630 rio solado parkway . other than that , the facility is okay . staff is n't very tentative .	2689
0	got a close to $ 4 coffee here -- -yeah , just regular coffee and was expecting something tasty . not in the least bit . the coffee was weak ( like starbucks ) and did n't taste like better than something i could get at 7-11 . i brew better coffee at home for a fraction of a price . definitely a disappointment . glad i do n't live in vegas , because if i had to buy this coffee when in need , i 'd just throw myself in front of a deuce bus .	1234
1	trisha oricht has been managing my properties for the 5 years or more . she works hard to get new tenants , screens them well and does a great job of keeping me informed on property status and repairs . good property managers are hard to find but trisha does and execptional job .	3451
0	the area around the lake was filthy ! garbage every where , including in the water what you could see in . full of gunk , dark green algae , built up mud , and did n't look as if any aquatic life could be actually living in it . the park director should be embarrassed with the condition of the lake area . the lake needs to be drained , dredged , and sanitized . maybe he could get some inmates to clean it up so at least my tax dollars would be used affectively instead of just them sitting around and watching tv , lifting weights , and being useless to society .	3471
1	dr. perez and his staff are the best . i needed a doctor for our family after living in tx for 25 years . it took me almost 2 years to find him but now would n't go anywhere else . the entire staff takes the time to listen and give you personal attention . they are very accommodating to get you on the schedule even if they are over booked , they always seem to have time to get us in . it 's nice to have them as our family doctors !	2325
0	i stop here periodically when i need something i forgot somewhere else or could n't find . i find their prices to be high compared to other chains unless you happen to hit a sale for the item you want . the store always seems a bit cluttered and even messy . there is often stock in plastic boxes on the floor waiting to be shelved . it 's just not a pleasant place .	3799
1	it was a perfect gift for my mom ! she usually hates getting a massage but this time she did appreciate it ! staffs are friendly ! she already asked me if we can come back at least once in a month ! : ) of course !	1322
0	this place sucked . never coming back to be honest . i went for a manicure and they honestly really messed up . when i went in i had to wait practically an hour to actually be attended . when i was helped out , i got one of the guys that worked there and he was really rude and very aggressive . i asked for a certain nail shape and he could n't even file them right . my friend was also helped out by a lady with short hair and she was a little better than the guy that i got . but it was super bad customer service and a very low quality place . do n't recommend	2496
1	this is a great place for fast , fresh food . it is one of my regular hangouts . i take friends and family to eat here because it 's quick , casual , friendly and healthy . the staff is friendly , polite and accommodating . i love that they are open late ( 10pm ) because i can still pick up a healthy meal on my way home after working late . they have a great rewards program for your mobile phone and they often give away coupons . it 's a great dining experience . please dine here if you like positive experiences .	84
0	no one on the floors to help and they are not knowledgeable on any of the coupons . avoid this location .	3449
1	a bit overpriced , but never had a bad meal here . always happy with the food and service ... and great view of the farm .	1432
0	i hate giving bad reviews to anything . this place if you know what you want , is great selection wonderful . if i had been gardening all my life this place would get a 5 . but someone who does n't know much , trying their 1st garden . could n't find help and when i did . i was showed to where the items i was looking for was . but no explaining . so if you know what you are doing , great place to buy things . if you want advice on planting or what to do . you may want to go else where	3612
0	staff incompetent on filling prescriptions . have been trying to get a prescription filled for 7 days and literally have left 15 messages . office staff have assured me they have sent urgent messages to the doctor and still no prescription . pretty frightening from a patient perspective . this happened to me last year also .	590
0	my one star goes to dr dalley and dr dalley only . i love her as a doctor , but hate her staff . you would think after years of being a patient and having them deliver my child that they would be a little more accommodating and personal but nope . they are all rude , monotone , not helpful what so ever . sad to say i 'll be looking to switch doctors now simply because the people who work for dr dalley do n't know how to deal with the general public .	661
0	$ 11 for half a boring sandwich and a flavorless salad ? ! paradise does n't hold a candle compared to wildflower . the service was fine , but the food was so average that i ca n't justify spending that much for what i got again .	701
1	super legit . moved here last year and have been struggling to find a good cut and beard trim . stumbled across there shop and got a real fresh cut . will definately be going here from now on . really fair pricing	3574
0	complete jerks who will rip you off . i came in with coupon for synthetic blend oil change and they tried saying how i need the most expensive one . i 'm leasing & i can choose which one to put in this car . i told them i 've had issues before and do not need to be ripped off for something i do n't want nor need and they said `` have a nice day '' . so if your not paying for top of the line , do n't bother . no one there was no one there on a saturday ! 5 workers sitting on their asses .	2392
0	unfortunately i have to pick a star otherwise they would get zero stars ! do not use this place ! ! we booked an appointment 8 weeks ago for october 29th . they never called or showed up . we called to follow up and got a voicemail and nobody returned our call . obviously not a reputable company in my opinion ! ! ! we had been looking forward to this appointment since our dog is older and it would be easier to get her groomed at home and not have to take her out anywhere . so we will go ahead and take her back to lazy dog which we know is a reputable company !	1218
1	this is a review for the bar . the food is always decent , but the service at the bar honestly goes beyond that . this place is an absolute zoo on the weekends , but the service always seems to be spot on at the bar . shanda ( sp ? ) is totally on top of it and super friendly . it is n't often you can go in a restaurant and get the same quality service on a saturday night you would receive on a slow night- but they totally pull it off here . kudos .	1491
1	we just needed a box spring and went to several places looking for one . the one we needed was not in stock . spencer was the only person we talked to that day who actually looked up the product availability and delivery schedule . speedy and excellent customer service .	679
1	it 's 2 miles away from the strip . decent place , had a kitchen with great china & cookware for cooking . was n't bothered by the maids as we did n't dare have them clean our room , lol . did n't bother using the pool . never ran out of hot water and the a/c was on 24/7 . they have an ipod docking station . forget what station we were listening too but sounds like the djs just loop the same music over & over again . check the drawers for extra towels & blankets . nice patio area . shuttle service provided to ny ny . roomed w/ 6 girls & paid $ 55 for 3 nights .	3091
1	broadway palms is back as the palms . same owners they have just revamped the theatre . food is better than before . there are many things going on from broadway shows , concerts , comedies , children 's productions , and much more . get out and support this great theatre on the corner of brown and higley in mesa ! !	2898
1	takeout food in styrofoam is not sexy . that aside , the $ 7.99 hot meal is value instead of burger & fries or a pizza for dinner . you get either a rice or a noodle base item and a choice of two premium items from over 20 selections ; vegetarian and non-vegetarian . they also include a soup of won ton or a hot & sour . i also picked up a package of fried spicy salmon at the marked-down counter area for $ 1.00 off . not everything in this area is a deal so beware . it was n't too long ago that this meal was $ 5.99 each but wages and higher food cost is here to stay . happy dinner !	2069
1	while i 'm not a huge fan of department stores , the bay in toronto was surprisingly easy to shop in . they 're well stocked on sizes and everything was tidy . either people in toronto were very good about putting items back properly or this location was properly staffed . i found what i was looking for , tried a few styles on and purchased my items within half an hour .	2979
1	i love cafe rio , and this location is no exception . i ordered the pork enchiladas , and they were great . there was a very generous portion of meat and the workers were kind enough to give me extra pico de gallo for free .	1365
0	food was very average , spring roll was still frozen inside , dumpling looked like someone step on it , flat and no taste , previous owner diamond china was far more superior . service was average , nothing spectacular to warrant 18 % gratuity . this is not a good suggestion for the owner , i guarantee they would be out of business in next 12 months . the place had one other customer , that should have given us a hint before we sat down . i would not recommend this place . food express on decatur and sahara is also very bad since the new owner took over.both businesses with old owner was excellent . they were in business for over 25 years .	561
0	beware . truly nolen is a terrible service company beware they are only interested in selling contracts they do not honor their pest control does n't work and they do not believe in customer service . in less than a month my cost of $ 252 and i still have ants .	302
1	ordered the amercan burger and fries from door dash . not only were the burgers amazing the fries are our new favorite ! the to-go packaging was labeled and neatly done . if you like a nice thick hamburger patty with a more classic burger taste you will love this burger !	286
1	awesome internet . only thing that worked for me when everything else failed . their internet has n't gone down once while we had it and it is critical to my work . only place i can reach a real human that can could help me .	3459
1	this is the only sports bar in the area . the beer is reasonably priced , but the real steal is the food - yesterday was grilled lamb chops with mashed and veg for $ 12 . these are the specials today . monday all appetizers are half price = $ 3 poutine , $ 5 quesadillas ( comes with salad or fries - a full meal portion ) . tuesday , thursday , sunday is pint and a pound of good sized wings for $ 12 . wednesday 's are burgers for $ 6 - real hamburger with fries or salad . seriously , is there any other bar/restaurant in to that can compare with this ?	3397
1	sarah did my eyebrows yesterday and they look great . she 's such a sweetheart and she gave me some awesome tips on making my caterpillar eyebrows look perfect . the staff is so friendly and welcoming ! it 's pricey , for sure , but it was worth it .	876
1	zen is great if your looking for a normal foot or full body massage , with or without hotstone . there manager rasta will help you by walking you to your room and having someone help you or will be the one to help . they even offer free hotstone if you check in on yelp .	735
1	i love this hotel . we stayed for 4 nights and it was the quietest hotel i have ever stayed in . the king size suite was perfect for what our needs where . the room was clean and peaceful . the continental breakfast could 've been better but it suited our needs and it was free . : ) make sure at check out you let them know you did n't use the safe or you will be secretly charged . oh the pool and jacuzzi was very exciting too . we thoroughly enjoyed our time	2966
0	had high hopes , sadly disappointed . spicy rolls were not spicy , tempura roll was albino ( shrimp was not browned just soggy ) and the california roll was all mayo , it could have been the crap in a subway `` seafood salad '' sub . bummed that it was sub par .	446
1	angelina is great ! she did an amazing job with my hair . she made me blonde again , and it looks great . i get a lot of compliments on my hair .	2441
1	interior is a little dingy and there is a heavy chinese incense smell . to be honest , if not for the high yelp ratings , i do n't think i would have tried this place because it looked a little shabby . so thanks for helping me discover a gem , yelpers ! : ) aesthetics aside , the soup for the pho is delicious and you can tell it is house made ! there 's just a really authentic flavour to it . the portion was also really big because i had a tough time finishing it = ( the vermicelli with spring rolls was also ordered and i was told that it was delicious - even without the fish sauce !	594
1	manager carlos , solution manager juan and account specialist brian are super ! ! they were friendly helpful and took care of my needs with big smiles ! they went above and beyond to make me and my business happy ! we are very grateful to you gentlemen ! ! keep up the awesomeness ! a vu	3037
1	best place to get a haircut in toronto , imo . i get a cut here everytime . i 've had it done by several of them , and they are all good , but my fav is michelle . perfect , each time i come here . ( i 'm a guy , btw ) also , they do accept tips , and you should tip , if they do a good job . cut for $ 15 , i give $ 5 for tip .	2181
1	i visited the glendale location and have had laser hair removal ... i 've been going there for months now and have not had a bad experience . they always call ahead of time to confirm my appointment and always bring me back on time . i 've even been able to get special prices on more areas . good experience overall !	3215
0	great customer service , i ordered a oreo flavor cone today . everything seems alright until i finished half way and found a tissue inside my ice cream , i think i have swallowed a few pieces..i thought it was oatmeal at first ... ... ..	3051
0	i booked a relaxing aromatherapy couples massage nearly two weeks in advance ( at the closest location that offers the service , 27 miles away ! ) and when we got there we learned that the massuese is allergic to the massage oil and there would be no music . wow !	3744
1	wow ! great store ! i love the salad bar . the food was amazing . the store is fun to shop in . the quality sound of the food is excellent . this rivals the store near la jolla-my favorite whole foods . i will be back when i am in the area .	433
1	great place for families ! my 4 year old loves this place . its clean and inviting and the staff call each of my family by name . love it !	2072
0	ordered 2 larges . one all dressed one plain . received pepperoni instead of plain with giant air pockets . when called back after 10 attempts because their phone lines were busy , i was told that it was a mistake . yes i agree sending me the wrong pizza is a mistake but the cook placing a pizza with giant air pockets in it which is also 2 inches in diameter smaller than the large ordered in the box is n't a mistake , it was intentional . i have posted the picture . replacement pizza arrived 2 hours after my initial order with crust just as bad and ice cold . thanks , never will we order here again .	400
1	i truly believe there is a place for western medicine . however , if there 's something that can be dealt with the natural route , dr. kwan is the one to see . when you go to see her , it is only her , not a nurse practitioner which is refreshing . she spends the time to listen and to properly diagnose your issues . i highly recommend dr. kwan to anyone seeking a sincere and caring physician .	1896
0	i can make better ramen at home with real noodles . and the sushi is n't that great either . the fish does n't taste fresh and the waiters a bit rude .	1579
1	wow ! i 'm typing as i 'm eating . this place blew my mind . it succeeded my expectations . i liked everything we tried ; however , the stars of the night were the caprese appetizer and the veal piccata . best italian restaurant in charlotte	563
0	very sloowwww service ; they need experienced staff to run this place ; ramen was waayyy too salty and the boiled eggs were still raw inside ; we know what authentic ramen should taste/look like - what they serve is not even close . we shared our thoughts/experience with the manager . he provided us with 2 free meal coupons , but we wo n't be back . ramen is too far off from 'authentic . '	131
1	the reuben sandwich here is amazing . one star deducted for unimaginative southwest cobb salad .	484
0	i had high hopes for this place . the staff was so friendly but unfortunately the food was terrible . everything about it was horrible : flavor , texture , presentation , etc . the salad was good enough that we ate it after we threw out the pizza .	282
1	our experience with brand x was nothing short of awesome . courteous , helpful , responsive staff . great looking final product . amazingly quick turnaround time ( tip : it 's quicker if you order the next level brand , and the shirts are really nice ! ) . we provided the basic design and asked them if they could add an effect to our text . they said it could be done easily , and the result was perfect ! i was really just flat out impressed with this place . i 'd definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a custom t-shirt shop !	2363
0	you buy furniture along with a warranty plan and when you call the warranty people they tell you `` too bad so sad ' do yourself a favor buy from somewhere else ! someone from mor reached out said they wanted to call me and discuss our issue that was over a week ago ... . crickets , crickets they just do not care .	1640
0	i just took my grandkids to the phx science center ( because i used to love to take my kids there years ago ) and i was so disappointed . many of the exhibits were not working , it was dirty and a mess . there were no employees to be found , and other kids were just running around vandalizing the museum . i paid over $ 60 to go there and i was just really disappointed . i will not be returning ! !	3891
0	i never write reviews , but am very upset with the phoenix truly nolan professionalism . they did n't show up and i had to call and reschedule . then they showed up twice unannounced and said it was because they had tried to reach me . he did not do a very thorough job and had to call several times to get my ant problem taken care of . i cancelled my services and 3 months later was automatically charged $ 35 . i called but they would not reverse the charges .	302
0	if possible would give it no stars - worst service ever , took over twenty minutes for our server to come back with our drinks and then never came back to ask if wanted anything else	97
1	awesome people , excellent service , superb product . need i say more ? oh yes , they also do the best tailoring since the days when heng hong was the best tailor in town .	2835
0	this is the worst chipoltle in the country ! ! the tables are always filthy , the staff is slow and could care less about customer service- and this is every time we come here . i will drive miles out of my way to go to the chipoltle in cranberry to avoid this disaster ! !	656
0	we love the pizza from here but recently every time we order pizza for delivery they forget something . i wished we could order from another location to deliver here but they refer us to this one . hope someone from mgt read this and address the issue soon we will switch to arizona pizza across from their restaurant .	581
0	i do n't believe i have ever waited so long at a dr. office . i went in at 9:10 in the morning for a small basil cell removal . the procedure was done at 9:30 , i waited in the waiting room until 1:00 to find out that they did not get all of it . more surgery at 1:15 it looks like i will be here until 5:00 . spectrum over books to provide horrible s	2099
1	very fast service . fair prices . this is the second screen i 've had them replaced in a few months ( butterfingers ) . i highly recommend .	2342
1	everything brand new , enjoy it well it last . gas station no lines enjoy it well it last	1609
1	holy sandwich greatness ! while the decor is like that of other franchises the taste is entirely different . the chipotle chicken is divine , as well as the caprese ! i will be back .	432
1	best pizza in vegas by far ! pizza blanco ! delish we sampled 3 pizzas from damore 's and by far the best ! thank you !	1371
1	great food . friendly staff . walking down younge and wanted a quick bite , shawarma was solid , and baklava was extra-good . bang for the buck as far as price . i 'll happily go there again .	1206
0	these guys are hit or miss . last cut , i asked for a tiny bit off the top and front and walked out with pretty much a buzz cut . i was very disappointed as i had been growing my hair out ...	3478
1	this is a bakery and a restaurant . i 'm just reviewing the bakery part , which i visited on two consecutive mornings . there is a self-serve area with various breads as well as bagels . the free bread sample i tried , with the whipped butter provided was very good . the bagels on both days were large , tasted good and freshly made . also , there are bakery items behind the glass counter . on both days i chose the cranberry scone , which was of the round , layered variety , which some might argue is not a traditional scone , but it was good , nonetheless . service was friendly and helpful .	1387
0	it sucks did n't like the service . i felt disrespected by the employees attempting to joke about my appearance and the nails were too thick ripped my skin and nail bed badly . also gel polish peeled off in a matter of 20 hours .	2097
0	this is probably shitty sushi place in the city . everything was extremely bad . do n't ruin your mean with this crappy restaurant .	745
0	this bank is always packed and they always only have two bankers working at the counter . and when you ask for additional help at the counter they tell you no only two people but boy they 're in a hurry to help you want to open a new account . this was the last straw and i 'm yanking all my money out of the bank . i should 've listened to my aunt and uncle and my grandparents a couple months ago when they got tired of the horrible customer service also and moved all of their money to chase . if i could give negative stars i would , it 's like this every day all day at this bank .	2159
1	really surprised at some of these reviews ! i have had my oil changed and car serviced here since they opened . have had a few different managers but all have been very polite and most of all honest . never pressured and they keep good records of my service . occasionally , i have been disappointed in the washes but have done so at other car wash places also . very minor things ! i will definitely keep coming here ! job well done again guys ! charlotte	3899
1	i am in town for a couple of days and needed to get a mani/pedi . i searched yelp for a place to go and found this nail spa had the most and best reviews ... . i walked in and donna was there to greet me . she took me right in and made sure i was comfortable as soon as i sat down . i had a wonderful manicure and pedicure and would recommend this spa , specifically , donna . thank you , donna !	1783
1	always a great time , live music and they take requests ! highly recommend it to everyone , come to downtown tempe area !	1176
1	it is such a pleasure to have them in my neighborhood . i was previously using the branch on roy horn which was great too much this one is 5 minutes from my house . the team of dimitrious and ibeeth make this office hum . pick up right away a great car and reasonable prices add to the mix . keep up the good work . you have my business .	2177
1	excellent service - employees were lovely - true ladies and gentlemen serving ladies and gentlemen . this was my first stay in aloft and i like how their sign about conserving water offers a $ 5 voucher for each day that you do not need new sheets & towels . and the two bottles of water next to coffee maker have a note saying enjoy with our compliments . thank you aloft !	3337
1	they always do an exceptional job and the customer service is outstanding . i would recommend the infinity mani pedi it so worth it .	2297
1	i do n't think i 'd ever go to another car wash ! service is great and everyone is so friendly ! i have been washing my car at this location for a year now and could n't be happier , keep up the good work !	2198
1	the roxbury is the best place to dance and have a great time with your friends . we had the best gno/birthday/anniversary party ever . everything was great from the location , door reception and hostess to the dj and bartenders ! ! ! ! !	677
1	i tell everyone who has real vision needs for their family about avi . wal-mart supercenters only provide minimum service , my kids and i rely on educated physicians to care for our well being . the staff is great , and i 'm not sure if everyone knows this , but dr. brooker creates each personalized eye strategy himself . i had no idea that the techs in other local businesses do it , i feel so much better knowing the actual doctor himself cares about my family 's vision . i will definitely be utilizing this new location , so much closer to me !	2811
0	do n't waste time or money ! the owner is very rude and does not acknowledge you . she walks around with a stink look with her silicone breast ! do n't go ! ! you 'll be really mad . and the nail service is not the best . could n't even do a basic gel color . he had to file it off and redo it	3274
0	great staff but dry cigars wasted 20 $ on two cigars that are as hard as a rock ... very frustrating when you want to end the night with a good stogie	3105
0	this place was absolutely the worst dental experience i 've ever had . the receptionist was very unfriendly and unhelpful and gave me attitude when i asked questions , the dentist was not personable at all . seemed like they did n't care to explain anything or what work they intended to do and why . they just wanted to have me schedule more appointments and have me pay for unnecessary work . i would highly recommend staying far away from this place and if you go there definitely get a second opinion for any work they suggest	2246
0	not great . food was stodgy and fairly tasteless , and some dishes were cold . ca n't really ask for too much out of a lunch buffet but surely tasting of something ought to be the first thing one aims for in food . save your calories for something else .	568
1	prices are a bit higher here but the quality is better , so you get what you pay for . i am not a fan of their cakes , especially their take on japanese cheesecake . hubby bought a pork cookie - it tasted like roast pork skin in a sesame brittle - it definitely tastes like pork ... yuck !	3110
0	ordered medium rare stake salad for $ 15 . steak was overcooked and came with a measly amount of salad . not sure why they would even offer it as an option on the menu .	274
1	i love this practice ! i see lisa matuga ( pa ) and she is honestly the best . from annual body checks to botox , she is your girl . i have since referred several friends to her since i saw her last year and they all love her as well and have become regular patients . the front desk is always super friendly and i have never had an issue scheduling an appointment or waiting past my original appointment time . lisa and the entire team of nurses are always so professional and truly will make you feel so comfortable that i actually look forward to my appointments ! ca n't recommend enough !	3534
1	great place to drink , great place to eat . good location in chandler , and right next door is iguana macs . fish tacos+++	704
0	had new tires installed , balance job was poor and the car would shake at highway speeds . i was out of town and could n't bear the shaking anymore and haf the wheels rebalanced at a crappy tire of all places and the shaking went away .	1396
0	nice gym , lots of equipment but that 's why you pay 1400 $ +/year staff : trainer are great management : really snob and not help full they think they own the gym not only that they have attitude issue but when ask to speck to some one hire up they will leave comments one your account and basically threaten you to cancelle your membership . closing hours : gym closes at midnight but at 11:30 you have to be out of the pool and they will be announcing every 5 to 10 mins basically to get out ... ... place is excellent but needs management change urgently ! ! ! !	2762
1	obsessed ! the decor , the bar stools , the cocktails and food ! everything is 100 ! i would bring a big group of girls and share the yummy hummus and veggie boards or bring my husband for the insanely good meat plates ! this place wo n't disappoint .	1331
0	got my locked bikes stolen from bike rack in front of store today , in broad daylight . theft was caught on surveillance tape , but my bikes are still gone ... not sure where store security was or why they did n't walk outside to stop the theft . guess i spent too much time shopping and not enough running my own security tactics .	2411
1	i had never been to a reflexology spa , but the other day i went to lunch in the complex with a co-worker who mentioned he had been to the location before with his wife and it was very relaxing . so my boyfriend and i decided to check it out today ... . this was a great and a relaxing way to spend the afternoon . the price is very affordable ! the staff was friendly and kind ! the place was very clean and well kept . we will definitely be back ... .	2970
0	first time trying this place , tried their fish sammich and i did n't find anything special about it . i actually had to salt it because it was a little bland . i would give it another try , there was n't anything wrong with it but certainly not anything worth comment .	501
0	extremely rude . did not `` honor '' groupon we had despite us calling ahead of time and checking validity and prices . with the up charges it was cheaper to not use the groupon and they absolutely did not care ...	2926
1	while the phone i asked to have the shattered screen replaced was n't a model they get in often they were able to procure the needed parts and have it fixed within 3-4 hours the same day . i gave five stars for their workmanship , excellent customer service and delivering within the stated time he said it would be done . great experience overall and the phone looks as good as new .	1104
1	fully equipped for me physical therapy that i do in the water . you need an arthritis class . teach us how to stay flexible .	3268
1	service was good . asked questions and the employees knew how to explain everything . parking was easy . i 'd recommend this place .	3403
1	i have known and worked with kate watson for years and find her to be excellent . she works hard for her clients and is always accessible . though we are basically competitors , i look forward always to dealing with her . an excellent choice .	3926
0	went in and asked if they accepted walk ins and the guy said yes it 'll be a few mins .now i understand if you dont accept walk ins you can just let me know and ill go else where . waited well over 30 mins.so the guy that told us a few mins finally finishes and goes to the next which im guessing its an appt.now you could of told me from the fricken beginning that it would be over an hour wait and i wouldnt of wasted my damn time .pretty rude if you ask me ! not worth it watched for those 30-40mins and honestly only one of the people cutting hair looked decent the other 2 were just giving massages	3873
0	except the tradition pho one , nothing is good taste . do not order rice stuffs ! the waiter seems like does not understand english ... .	784
0	if you are not a local , good luck . rum was ok but the service was kinda horrible . they would rather catch up on the gossip than suggest a cocktail . sorry . we had high hopes . we believe in supporting local .	1110
1	really good pizza and the option for the individual size was great since my husband and i prefer different toppings .	581
1	we went at 11:30 on saturday night for take-out beef brisket lo mein and veg lo mein soup . the beef brisket lo mein was quite good -- nothing special but no complaints . the soup was only so-so . both were reasonably priced . however , at that hour , it 's good to have places that are still open . and tons of free parking too .	1173
1	went today on recommendation from a friend , spent $ 50 for a 90 minute massage . it was great . jaycee was polite friendly and worked her tall off doing it right . she definitely tired towards the end but kept on going . i will go see her again . it was a little unusual as the room had three tables and when i arrived someone was on another one . i was a bit taken aback but once i got over stripping in front of someone who was n't even looking it was cake . there is a $ 1 charge for credit our debit usage .	2014
1	i have always been a fan of this local gem . james the owner along with terry on the bar are just fantastic folks . great pub food , pool tables and juke box to keep things from getting boring . great beer selection and the wine choices are also pretty decent . a must for chicken wing fans . my choice for best wings in the area	3120
0	just too expensive , too rich , and it 's too bad because the cupcakes here are pretty awful . that being said , if you like xanax and white wine , you 'll probably love main street cupcakes .	2335
0	make sure to check authentication codes before you buy . do n't buy anything from these frauds . bought a t-f v-8 coil from here and was totally fake . not only were they more expensive then any normal shop ( $ 25 here , normally $ 17 max , ) they were n't organic cotton . tasted awful , had flakes of aluminum that if i did n't catch , would have breathed in , and are n't even the same of you dissamble . everything here is fake ! do n't go here unless you like bending over	3351
0	very poor customer service here at partell pharmacy in summerlin called the day before to make sure that prescription is ready for pick up today but when i came the customer service person at pick up act like she does not know me at all despite giving all the info she needed and to top it all the rx is at the other location which i made sure yesterday to not happen that is why is called them poor poor service im in healthcare provider too and i do n't let my patients down so disappointing let just all go specialty solutions pharmacy	1372
1	we had an awesome experience getting our family portraits done at jcpenny . the pictures turned out beautifully . i am so pleased with our experience . i absolutely recommend this place .	223
1	i forgot to mention the dan dan is spicy - apparently too much heat for a friend of mine , lol . tried the pad thai this time , it neither looked nor tasted like the traditional version , this one was a bit sweet and tangy , tasty ! i definitely prefer the ramen shrimp soup to their `` house special '' which to me was a bit bland . wish they 'd delivered	1026
1	i come to this post office a lot lol sometimes daily . i sell things online so this post office is closest to my house and i got ta say i really like it . the staff is very friendly and nice they have a lot of patience and i really appreciate that . sometimes the line is pretty long but they try to make it move fast and when i have questions they always are happy to help : )	1913
0	worst club ever . crappy music and drink prices are seriously outrageous . no place to sit unless you get bottle service , which blocks up most of the club . if you do n't get bottle service there is n't too much of the club you can see as most of it is roped off with security constantly telling you to move ( move where ? ) . there are bouncers literally everywhere you turn which makes you feel like you 're in a strip club . this club is supposed to be the new hot club in vegas , but its seriously lacking . at least get better djs .	3596
0	boring , no elaborate tombstones at all . definitely not a good place for souls to rest . the grounds arent kept well .	3064
0	once again terrible service at the tap house ! after 5 visits and continuous poor service we must share ! so many of our friends will not come with us because the food is mediocre and the wait staff are consistently rude and never around . terrible ! ! ! management please invest in training your staff . it is critical ! the only reason we keep trying to come back is the awesome music on saturday nights ! we love it !	211
1	always a good experience here . ask for tran , thuy , or toan ( think the letter t ) when getting manicures or shellac .	43
1	food is delicious service was fantastic . had the `` good egg '' burger . absolutely perfect . our friends had the the aloha burger and fried pickles , all delicious . thank you olivia for the excellent service . will definitely be back .	1046
0	rude front desk . i have been here twice and they just rush you in the appt . i called today to make an appt and i asked if they were open mondays and she said yes . i asked if i can have a monday appt . she said we do n't have any . i said okay well when 's your next monday i can take that no matter how far away it is . and her response was i do n't have any mondays . i said i thought you were open mondays ? just overall rude customer service and not helpful at all . going to another place .	3598
0	they did n't have much of a selection for toppings . i really wanted some fruit and was disappointed by what they had . everything seemed to be old and what they did have that was old was mushed together and did not look appetizing . besides the fruit they really only had cereal and crushed candy bars .	885
0	i saw the discount to buy one get another one half price , but server does n't wan na give me that discount , that 's wired.this is my first review , but when u have these experiences 4 times u feel really bad , she does n't even wan na tell me , when i talk about discount she just looks so confused .	2984
1	my second favorite resturant in cleveland . this place is really good , i got some delicious fish , i think it was ohio buckeye . the service was good too . probably my first choice for a fish resturant .	487
1	just signed up for this gym its 10 dollars a month , no pool or bball courts . but they have a lot of treadmills and ellipticals which are good so you will never have to wait . its been open for 6 months , the staff is very friendly and nice . david the manager told me about the place when it first opened . he is awesome and does a good job of keeping a good gym . there are n't any meatheads there which is good so people like me wont be intimidated.. haha very casual place to go work out just to stay in shape , not if you want to be mr. usa ... or mrs ...	1202
0	i do n't really rate chains that high unless they do something amazing and unexpected . it 's jersey mike 's . decent sandwiches , not a big selection , a bit pricey .	1528
0	what a bunch of douchebags . i booked an appointment for my dad . when i booked it they said , we 've got slots open right now , he can come right in . i told my dad this and he said , oh well , i 'll just go in . he gets there and instead of taking him next in line they make a 70 year old man wait around for 2 hours because he had an appointment .	2116
0	the customer service was horrible and we arrived late evening for dinner so there was hardly any customers . it took forever to get our food and the cook was not that great . even telling the manager that we were not satisfied with two orders was not addressed and ignored so it was a complete waste of money and time .	1029
1	my experience was a lot different from the other people who have posted reviews . i stopped at this location because it was off i-71 . went through the drive-thru , placed my order , and then paid . i figured it was steak ' n shake and it would be a few minutes before my food was ready . so i get out of the car so i can get the pills i have to take with dinner out of the trunk . to my surprise my food was ready in the 60 seconds it took to do this . everything was good .	151
0	awful return policy here , find a target that is n't greedy and nasty like this one . yuck !	3355
1	rendang and satay is awesome service was quick ! must eat place while in downtown . the service was also over the top and they will try to accommodate and make you as comfortable as possible . go try it ! the ratings are a bit off and is worth it especially on my birthday .	1425
0	i was just told by an associate that i need to be a member in order to spend my morning net at the pizza kitchen . i 've never had this happen and i 've seen others ( who do n't appear to be members ) purchase from the pizza kitchen . costco , please streamline your message to all costco stores ! absolutely unacceptable .	1102
0	they were not very friendly or inviting . my nails were not done well & they did not seem to care about the quality of work .	2057
0	very slow . took over 30 minutes for oil change and i was the first one there . those who followed me are probably still waiting . well , at least there not over priced ! sarcasm .	2852
1	no idea why this place has such low reviews . this is one of the main dessert places we go to everytime we go to toronto ! the service here are sometimes abysmal , but the desserts and food more than make up for it . i highly recommed the glutinous rice balls topped with peanut and sugar and rice cake with oyster sauce and peanut butter . there 's also plenty of parking , so no worries about that !	1062
0	purchased golf lessons with blake via groupon , but he never bothered to reply to my email or the 4 calls made within a week after purchasing . had to call my credit card company for a refund . poor customer service of one looks bad on everyone that is employed by the course .	3070
0	do not take your car here ! they took two days to `` fix '' a problem for me . i got my car back and the issue was not resolved . i also have a new issue now . now it having trouble starting . : ( i wish i could give negative stars .	2997
0	i bought the $ 25 frozen drink on my first day as refills were only $ 16/ $ 17 , got my cup refilled the next day and noticed they charged my card for $ 43..scam much ! !	1390
1	they are super friendly ! i had an issue with my bank account and scott and megan did an awesome job of making sure everything was fixed . i felt like they really went the extra mile , making phone calls and following up with emails . they were able to resolve my issue and they really gave that small town bank feel that i missed with all of the benefits of a national branch . i would reccomend this branch to anyone in the area !	2760
0	came for some dranks on a saturday night . pt 's sister bar , they have the same hh so we scored on some half price dranky dranks ! wanted some munchies and the garlic fries caught my eye and the flamin ' hot onion rings . say whaaaat ? ? ! ! dont believe the hype ! ! no wonder these come with three different dipping sauces including sriacha ! its more like food coloring that make these onion rings look like flamin hot awesomeness ! there was little flavor to the onion ring itself and zero flamin hotness ! not even a hint of spiciness in fact ! these are such a scam ! ugh ! ! ! rip off ! !	1520
0	it 's a good option at the phoenix airport , their fries are really good . i do n't know if i 'd go to any other branch , just good for the airport .	669
1	best hookah lounge in vegas . you can actually taste the flavors . clean hookahs everyday . great prices . and the ice tip is the best . i honestly love this place . i recommend this place to everyone .	2789
0	this place actually gets no stars because i called and tried to place a delivery order while at work but the lady told me it needed to be at least 25 and just hung up on me while trying to ask her another question . so i wo n't be ordering or trying anything from here ever . poor customer service is a killer .	668
1	came here after a bad waiting experience from boom co. was seated fast and the server made up for the lack of service we had just experienced at boom . huge menu , had a hard time making a decision , but stuck with the thick cut french toast . food was fast and quite satisfying . was the first time my husband had come here for brunch , a very pleasant experience .	534
0	i am not impressed at all with this place . my friend an i made an appointment and they made her wait an additional 20 min . they rushed when painting my nails and then messed up my flower but did n't bother to fix it . they also made my friend bleed when doing her finger nails . i am so mad that i had to pay what i had to pay .	1834
0	this best buy seems like they hire people that despise helping people . on more than a couple occasions i 've had to interrupt an employee here that was just surfing their cell phone while working . when you ask them for help most of the time they act like you are asking them to go way out of their way to answer any question . i get that this is n't the employees dream job but putting in at least 50 % effort would be a great change from what i 've experienced .	3192
1	this location is always clean and well stocked . everyone at the pharmacy and take care clinic are cool and helpful . i 've been to some stores closer to the strip that tend to get a `` party crowd '' coming in to pick up their supplies for the night or vagrants looking for handouts . that 's never been a problem at this location .	1207
1	each time we come here we are glad the service continues to be exempilary . the atmosphere is quite and with plenty of visual treats ( tv 's o plenty ) . food has always been served hot and tasty ! the servers are a treat to engage as well .	428
1	i 've had excellent care at the primary clinic and love the staff . i give the clinic a lot of credit for serving a lot of people with limited resources . my care has been personalized that has exceeded my expectations . i am so thankful for ihs service right in phoenix !	2503
0	i called journey yesterday to schedule service . they said that they would call me back later in the afternoon to talk to me about the pricing . i never heard back from them , so i called and left a message after i got off of work . i still have n't heard back from them today . if you are looking for a reliable company that does what they say they will , keep looking ; this is not the company for you .	2258
0	good luck trying to get them on the phone usually , the garden center is out of many plants early the sales are usually better at lowe's overall , shopping there is a poor experience . i 'm writing this while on hold on the phone for the garden center	124
1	the spring on our garage door broke and we had no idea who to call . lodi was recommended to us but they werne't specific as there are a few under this name . i choose lodi garage doors & more and was stunned they sent someone out within 1.5 hours ! they also quoted me on the phone and were so nice in setting up the appointment and calling back to confirm . gene was our technician , he was efficient , friendly and did a fantastic job . i will be passing lodi 's name on for sure and if repairs are needed in the future i will not hesitate to call ! thank you for you quick , professional , friendly service !	3931
1	best meal of my entire life ! hands down . service was very fast and courteous . food was orgasmic . i would eat here every day , for every meal , if i could . ambiance was also very lovely . i will definitely be coming back ... a lot . my new favorite place , for sure .	895
1	i love cha me cha . not only do they have yummy shaved ice but they also have a wide range of food to eat for lunch or dinner . i love the taiwanese noodle soup . ota so good and love how things the noodles are . the shave ice is good enough for 2 to 3 people to share	176
1	saber knows how to cook good clean food ! ! ! i typically eat here 1-2 times a week ... i always get their grass feed topless burger . always cooked to perfection , topped with a creamy butter , garlic tomato mix . the fries are awesome- regular or sweet potato ! the sauted veggies have this simple yet irresistible flavor ! i work at the school down the street and we often cater from herb n flavors - guests are always amazed by the food we serve . this is a local business that cares about their customers and the quality of their food .	1402
0	i 'll preface this by stating i 've spent thousands of dollars in this store . i recently visited their website and sent an email requesting a quote for work on a guitar . no reply was received . so 2 days later i inquired again . late that night i received a response that the appropriate department would respond because he was going `` rattle the cage '' . three days later and still have n't received any response from the appropriate department . clearly , ownership has the wrong management in place . if they treat customers this way , imagine how they treat others . hey milano , i 'll spend my money elsewhere . good riddance !	2286
1	i do n't often get to go here as i live about thirty minutes away from legacy village . it is also nowhere near my income level ( broke ass college student ) but whenever i can come here , i always make for tropical smoothie . everything is made fresh , and the smoothies and wraps are to die for ! the prices may be a little steep , but as everything is made fresh , it 's totally worth it ! : )	3225
1	what can i say ... it is a good place and i have been here several times with my co-workers at lunch time . the service is fast and the chef is great fun . the food portion and taste is great and the lunch price is amazing .	516
1	if you thought this was fast food , its not . really exceptional food that travels home well if you like take out . good family place with very good pricing . everything here is really good . i was trying really hard to find something wrong with this place , but there is n't anything wrong that i can find . i cant believe i had seen this place for years without trying it . now i think about the chile rellanos every day . we go there all the time now . yum .	1410
1	great breakfast , really really good fish and chips ( surprisingly so ) , and a pizza selection that will make your mouth water . it 's not a `` classy '' place , just a good old pub , where you can have some great food and relax with friends . it 's also not excessively loud , which is a definitely plus ... no one likes hearing a bad music selection over their friends .	311
1	i love this salon ! my daughter and i come here exclusively . excellent customer service , excellent results .	2372
1	love infinity ! such a welcoming atmosphere and though all employees are wonderful , michelle is amazing ! ! go in every two weeks and she always makes me feel so welcome and appreciated ! highly recommend her ! ! !	2297
0	i will never go back bad experience i had a coupon to buy a six inch sub and any size drink for $ 4 but they did n't accept it . they also did n't have wi-fi like most subways . sorry subway but i 'm never coming back to this location . : ( to bad i put one star for it .	250
0	the worst online customer service i have ever encountered . i will no longer waste my time shopping in their stores or on their online site .	2979
0	over-priced chinese foods . service not up to par for an upscale restaurant .	171
0	funny how the `` business manager '' responded to my first review , told me to email a good contact number , and we 'd talk about it . i emailed from my work email , which indicates that i 'm an attorney , with my telephone number , and they never called . shocker . expensive lesson that i should never go to these scammers again . i wish 0 stars was an option .	3379
0	so i go to the car wash ... the same one i always go to and the machines did this to my rear bumper . and these mofos have the nerve to tell me they will not fix it , not `` their responsibility '' ! ! seriously ! ! ! ? ? ? not cool ! i 'm even a member . very disappointed !	2939
0	the food from this location has made me ill on more than one occasion . i do n't think i will take my chances with boston pizza anymore . as for the restaurant itself , -it 's an average boston pizza atmosphere , with fairly average service . the restaurant is newer and well kept ... but does n't redeem itself from the lousy , often undercooked food . save yourself from getting food poisoning and go somewhere else !	280
1	service has improved substantially . was very low-key and received service right away . $ $ $ to you . i will be back . the staff do n't seem miserable anymore ... they show initiative . will update with a longer visit .	3356
1	my hubby made the appointment for me yesterday and i honestly did n't think my window could be repaired . i drove to the shop just knowing they would say i needed a whole new windshield but in about 30 minutes they worked their magic ! ( yay me ! ) unfortunately i ca n't remember the technicians name but his birthday is tomorrow ( overheard him talking about it ) so happy birthday and again , thanks a ton !	2036
1	great entertainment , cool vibe and decor ! i also liked that there was plenty of good seating with open space so you are n't standing or sitting on top of the next person . i would definitely go again !	1992
0	45 $ for a crappy backpack is pricey in my humblest opinion ... not that the gap is any better . yes , the staff is very friendly and courteous , the store is neatly organized and so forth but the clothes and bags are overpriced and for those who love the quebec style ( not exactly similar to european , unless you have never been to europe ) all they have to do is wear the same pair of jeans and the same jacket for 4 months without any washing ... add a scarf , plastic over-sized sunglases and voilà ... that ` s the quebec , or so-called european look ... .so chic ... .	246
1	very helpful and informative ! ! ! ! they will not sugarcoat anything and tell you how is it . if the piercing you 're trying to get usually gets infected fast , they will recommend a different one . my partner & i went in today and that was literally what they told us . so my partner decided to go with their advice and get a different one . absolutely love it . will be returning for more ! ( :	2790
0	pretty bad . snooty waiters . they try to put a fancy twist to the food but it doesnt work . the paella was way too bland . the mac n cheese was more like macaroni w a hint of cheese . very dry . and the garlic mashed was way too salty .	971
1	i have shopped here numerous times buying plants for our front and back . they have a great selection of fruit trees , flowers and drought tolerant plants . we bought 6 dwarf fruit tress and several drought tolerant plants . we also just this weekend bought landscaping rocks to include delivery . i was really pleased with the price and the delivery . we had bought a couple of bushy flowers that did not survive . they have a no hassle return policy and i have to admit it was quick and painless . this is a great place for all your landscaping needs .	2039
1	little caesars how i have missed you . after your blow up and implosion in the american heart , it 's been hard to find one of your locations outside of a kmart . i 'm so happy to have found you again . a convenient carry out location . awesome if you have a craving for pizza and $ 5 in your pocket . walk in or call ahead . if you do walk in you may have to wait a minute for a pizza to come out of the oven , which even if you have to wait , there should n't be anything to complain about , it 's nice and hot .	1478
0	set up date/time for estimate . no one showed up or called . i called office to confirm that the appointment was on calendar , which they confirmed . when will these businesses learn to respect their customers '' time ?	3664
0	i really want to like this starbucks . i 'm here all the time ( it 's the only coffee around , unless you count the tim hortons / esso gas station in citadel , which i do n't ) , so it 's a shame it could n't be better . there 's some great staff working here , but i 've been given bad drinks too many times to remember . burnt , missing syrup , wrong drink , etc . sadly , i 'll probably be there again tomorrow , giving away another $ 5 in return for a hazelnut latte without the hazelnut .	1962
1	love the hot dog toppings , especially the chorizo chili . love the beer selection . mt carmel is really good love the place , neighborhood and clientele . the only negative is that the parking can be hit or miss .	1407
0	i 've been drinking a lot of bubble tea this summer from various tea shops and this place was the worst one yet . it tasted watery and the tapioca balls were super hard .	2627
1	just remodeled . there seems to be a lot of wasted space now .	494
1	had a 11p.m . pizza craving and these guys were here for me . the garlic balls were fluffy like beignets and i could easily eat a million . the margherita pizza was also yummy , and it reheats well the next day . a+ pizza .	459
1	thank you alan soo much for your help . you 're awesome . best costumer service ever ! ! you totally went out of the way to help out us . impressed !	3109
1	drove 37 minutes for carvel ( none in lake norman area ) and was not disappointed . clean shop , friendly service , and superb ice cream . i have this new thing where i do n't put any toppings on ice cream . this allows me to actually taste the ice cream and understand the difference in quality . carvel 's quality is exceptionally high .	1201
0	be careful of constant attempts to add fees on to the pool and design . they tried to bill us additional 1500 for a hard dig . after i challenged them , they decicded it could be excavated for the original price . nothing larger than a softball size rock or any caliche in the back yard . unethical . be warned .	3541
1	i really like this ulta . the staff is friendly and the manager lisa marie is super personable ! decent selection and they 're mostly always well stocked !	2479
0	if you have an appointment , expect to wait 30-45 minutes in the waiting room , then another 20-30 minutes in the actual room for a doctor..	1281
1	fantastic brunch spot , i 'm very happy that i 've come across this little gem of a place ! the big breakfast is delicious , though i have n't tried their sasuage cus everytime i order they seem to be sold out ! the bacon is great too . the jam they offer with their toast is so darn good ... i wonder if they bottle it up and sell it ? hands down my favorite dish is the smoked trout laktes ... crispy fried potato pancakes with smoked fish ... salad and delicious pickled beans and onions , my mouth is watering just thinking about it . ( order it ! ! ) typical prices , food comes quickly and servers are lovely .	267
0	any sushi restaurant that is taking pride in offering farm raised fish is a sushi restaurant you stay away from . period . food was just okay . and service was ridiculous because they have young teenagers serving you , and they have no clue about sushi . eat at your own risk .	198
0	it so over priced and the kids meals dnt even come with soda and its 5.99 with out the soda , and the sodas are like 2.99 how does that work ? ? i dont recommend this place at all ! ! ! ! !	1036
0	two word to describe the desserts : too sweet . i first found out about this place when macarons were still fresh and new , and thought it was unique , now its sold everywhere . the macarons are too sweet and overpriced , your paying $ 2.25 - $ 3.00 each , considering how small and how fast its gone . its a nice treat once in a awhile , but sometimes you cant even remember you ate it ! oh my , the cakes they are way tooooo sweet . they look ok but nothing special in the design , unless plain is unique ? i 've tried a few from birthday parties.. and wish i didnt have to eat it .	1217
0	chris hertzog of desert living was recommended by home depot as a remodel contractor after our house was flooded thruout . house is now done	2388
0	this place is a scam . the picture they use to advertise their room looks nothing like the actual room . most `` escape the rooms '' i been to have cool themes , multiple rooms to crack for one game , and challenging machinery such as infrared rays . do n't expect any of that here . we were stuck in a kid 's bedroom ( not some vintage attic they advertised ) and asked to find a baseball card . complete waste of $ 200 .	2964
0	not recommended at all . the service is disappointingly poor . i found dried shrimps and chicken feet in my order . i ordered shredded pork but instead i received the items above . i fought for a refund , which i received after a lengthy argument with the management . the management was being aggressive , rude and made racist comments regarding my ethnicity . the food got delivered one hour later after being ordered . the other dishes were cold , blend and tasteless . the food was definitely not worth the price of purchase . i would not recommend anyone order from or dine at this restaurant .	1016
0	i live in apartment and these clowns came in my unit to `` fix '' all the problems well they did n't fix anything just stuck there stupid holton-wise stickers all over the inside of the cupboards which i ripped down , there were very unprofessional and they can all suck a donkey dong .	691
1	fantastic service by dustyn and judic , judith with a ' c ' and dustyn with a ' y ' ... ..a hard-working , nice group of people that you do n't expect to find when you first arrive . from beginning to end , a good experience . easy check in , smooth sailing through judic 's tech meeting . the optometrist was friendly and efficient . after looking at virtually every pair of frames in the place , dustyn found a pair that was perfect for me . the total price was so good that i also decided to buy the ray ban sunglasses ! thanks for making it easy ! will definitely send friends and family here .	403
1	not only was it easy to find and park but both drivers were super helpful and nice and dropped me off right where i needed to go ! i will be using this service again !	2531
1	love this place for getting my sushi fix without breaking the bank . everything is always fresh and they are very friendly and accommodating . will definitely be back !	129
0	jimmy and cathy are no longer running this place . anyone know if they moved to a new location ? new owner 's prices are way above that of the previous owner .	1838
0	poor poor customers service ... . the management at the lake mead office was very rude and disrespectful ... especially when she tells you that your incompetent for . it reading there rules and regulations ... the customer service line is just as bad for customer service as well . we closed out account ! we went here because this was told to us one of the best credit unions . that 's a joke .	1141
0	the fish was fresh , however the cost was way over priced ! the next time i would walk across the street to sushi restaurant and pay $ 24.99 for all you eat . save you money , go a cross a street to the corner of trop & decatur !	1196
1	this place is fun ! you can go over & over . go backwards from exit to entrance ! get different lights , and totally use the glasses ! so trippy ! ! worth the drive ! the butterflies are okay , but thor maze is way better !	3060
0	horrible management- they rejected to take restaurant.com voucher , which was bought one week ago . cheap tricks to bring the customers with these vouchers and reject at the restaurant . i will never go to this place again .	1540
0	be careful of billing at this office . they will run you round and round , billing you incorrectly , then send you to collections after 6 years . stay away !	2384
1	i 've had some issues with centurylink internet services , but if you come to this store then work with fabian ! he 's knowledgeable and genuinely helpful .	3748
1	my own special happy place ; ) coffee for me , lots of it and delicious too , donuts for my daughter . yummy donuts and this time i actually indulged in one , the cake batter one which was actually very delicious . i sure hope i was able to walk it off in the casino and on the strip ! service is great , fast and friendly too . i have never had a negative experience here , mornings is usually busy and if you see a line , do n't get intimidated because it actually moves fast . enjoy !	2666
1	mmmmm now that 's a tasty burger ... .. and of course the nurses were very nice too	75
0	worst service ever they damaged products do n't answer there phone and do n't know who to add measurements . the store is run by complete idiots .	2763
1	i have been going to this gym for a few months now . it is always super clean , i have never had to wait for equipment , and the staff is friendly and helpful . if you are looking for a low-cost gym to join , i highly recommend this one . if you need a swimming pool , sauna , showers , or childcare at your gym , then this place would not be right for you . to avoid any hassles that are typically found at gyms with monthly drafts and cancellation policies , i just paid up front for a one year membership and did n't have to give my bank account or credit card info for future charges .	641
1	great music and music videos . such a fun place ! drinks are just okay , but the disco ball , smoke machine and lazer lights were fun ! lots of fun people . $ 7 cover , but good for a flashback to the 80s and 90s : ) made for a fun girls night out !	677
1	bought hamster . best purchase ever . makes me happy every time i see him . staff is friendly too . it 's like a mini zoo . love coming to this place .	1894
0	expect to wait long on the phone if you are calling in to speak to anybody . we had a small issue which could have been resolved with an email . lack of communication caused lost time and the manager smiled in my face while she told me there 's nothing she can do about wasting my time . stay at the sheraton across the street .	73
0	i have been going here for 6 years , but lately the waiting time has been brutal . 2 hours to get a haircut is way too long ! !	2352
1	assistant manager travis in the automotive department is very knowledgeable and informative about the tires they carry . he helped with our purchase and setting up our installation .	3825
0	i had appointment middle of last year , and i was scheduled with mozell , but when i arrived i was given to another hair dresser . she didnt introduce herself and didnt bother to cut my ends which i asked for . mozell was rude didnt ask my name but tired to get my attention while my hair was being washed , , by just wavying her hand . i have natural hair which the style they gave me turned out horrible . i would never go back here .	82
1	ana did a great job on the massage ( deep tissue ) and all the staff i 've met were very friendly . the first massage i received here was not that great and i think it was a bad style matchup . the therapist was just not strong enough for me . we talked about it and they were able to get me a do-over with ana the next day . great customer service !	1950
0	i was a member at the surprise location years ago , i left and joined fitness 1 . recently i have been thinking about returning to mountainside , due to convenience of various locations . i read many of the reviews and was reminded of the reason i left years ago . that `` enhancement fee '' is bogus , try budgeting monthly membership fees for upkeep and maintainance . each time a member complained about the enhancement fee the manager had a lame response , `` enhancement fee was mentioned in your contract '' . booooo ... .. i 'm so glad yelp was there to help me decide . i 'm definitely not returning to mountainside gym .	2699
0	we use to eat there a lot , but today i was very disappointed , my hot chocolate was like water , i asked for just biscuits they brought biscuits n gravy , well the biscuits was like 1 wk old hard as a rock , i also ordered hash browns , n sausage links they were burnt . now my husband ordered the banana french toast oooh ! it had a funny taste mind u i had them before n they were delicious , but today they were gummy , service was ok , we will never go back !	1319
1	my flavor was half toasted coconut and half strawberry . it had fresh strawberry and mochi with cherries on top . i put a soft brownie block for after . honestly my new fave desert !	885
1	love whole foods but do n't always love their prices - but for the products i do buy , it is top notch quality . enough said ; )	3271
0	not much on local brewed beer , but i live down the road so i thought i would check it out . mainly for the food and atmosphere . maybe i am a little old school but i would prefer a menu , then just trying to read chalk boards on what to eat and drink . bartender never offered one .menu selection was not much . just your normal bar foods . decent friendly crowed drinking here . on the food side i decided to go with a burger . chalking this up in the book as a place to drink only .	3846
1	came here for the hockey hall of fame and skating near city hall . this is an affordable hotel in an amazing location , near air canada centre as well . it is a boutique type hotel , smallish rooms , but it 's all modern and has what we needed , especially since we were out and about most of the time . the staff is super nice and helpful as well ... just know there is no parking , however they do suggest pay garages around the corner - choose the parking in the commerce building , best rate .	2215
0	absolutely unbelievable . after carving out my whole morning and changing plans around to accommodate their 4 hour window , the service man that came to my house left after about ten minutes because he was scared of my dog . who i had already locked up per his request ! it was a complete and total waste of my time . not to mention the ignorance of this `` small business '' because apparently the fact that my dog is a pit was the real problem . which the idiot did n't even know till i told him ! if i had said boxer would you have left my house ? ! horrible company .	2890
0	the selection of clubs are great . customer service was not that great . when i went to check out it was almost like i was an inconvenience to purchase a club and trade in mine . i do n't think i will be coming back here .	1013
1	my entire family has been coming to cd for years . the entire team from greeting me at the desk to dr. romine herself , has the best attitude and professionalism . laser hair removal to injections to normal up keep .	3050
1	dr. kotoske is very friendly and knowledgeable , always listens to what it is you 're trying to achieve and talks with you not at you .	2953
1	great wings ! ! loved the taste , , , ,different options , , , ,paid extra for all drums and they forgot though : (	503
1	sam 's spa was amazing . from the masseuse to the environment , everything was excellent ! !	2320
0	it is a new american style restaurant and the dishes look like very healthy . however , everything is overpriced . i felt like i need another dinner 2 hours later .	1127
0	for being the service was awful . we walked in and there was no greeting the guy behind the counter acted annoyed we were here . we finally approached the counter and he continued to look at his phone he looked up asked what we wanted . we ordered food was good . place was dirty tables and counters needed to be wiped . they wo n't last long if they do n't get some customer service skills ,	432
1	excelente la comida muy bien preparada muy limpia rápida la atención me gusto bastante porque no hablo ingles pero de inmediato llamaron a una persona y nos hizo la traducción nos explicaron bien el menú y bueno súper deliciosa la comida lo recomiendo mucho gracias	214
1	we really appreciated the no hassle approach of this dealership . riley was professional , kind and helped us to find exactly what we were looking for at a great price . i highly recommend paying him a visit .	307
1	get the pork - it 's free range/organic or something . this little mall place here is ghetto but hey at least you are supporting sustainable farming practices even if it is a mcdonald 's subsidiary or whatever . oh yeah , and it 's good and cheap !	214
1	had a bolt in my tire they took good care of me . had to wait a little longer then i had but they were great	2146
1	i am so happy with the results i have gotten with alexa at the scottsdale location ! i have had laser hair removal in the past and it was much more painful and much less effective . i am currently doing my brazilian area . i am practically hairless already and could n't be happier ! alexa is so knowledgeable , quick , kind and beautiful too ! she got me scheduled right away for my appointment and was on time . she never once made me feel uncomfortable in any way , which is nice considering the area being treated . i would definitely recommend you see her if you go to the scottsdale location .	343
0	first review i was pretty upset while writing but they did not deserve 1 star . 2 stars is more like it overall but if i could rate just the talent , i 'd give it 4 stars .	3069
1	this place was very relaxing and quiet . my husband said it was one of the best massages that he has ever had . i am picky and like deep tissue , and i would say the therapists here are more about relaxation and swedish massage . but , this place was nice , and since we were there earlier in the day , we got 90 minute massages for the price of 60 , which was pretty kewl ! staff was very friendly and ambience was nice .	1192
0	horrible service . we made an agreement to meet there and when i arrived they were closed . i traveled an hour and all they replied was `` we have a family emergency '' shady business , ca n't believe they are so inconsiderate . avoid this place .	3340
1	i am very happy with cheryl , esthetican she is great lady and able to fix eyebrows nicely . she does good job at threading , very caring and gentle on my face . she made my experience fun and pleasant which relieve my previous unpleasant experience i really like this place and will come back again because of cheryl .	1430
0	what 's so funny , man ? just because i did n't like your service or gave you less than stellar review , you think i 'm not your customer or that i 'm a competing business ? the way you handled my review itself demonstrates your professionalism . your business need to understand that not all your customers will be pleased with your talk more work less attitude . and , if you can learn from it , your business will thrive . but if you continue to have the same attitude that you exhibited here , you will go down south .	1273
1	good place to take swim lessons only suggestion would be to have the ability to see the classes online	2856
0	every time i go there it 's just so mediocre . i do n't know what anyone likes about this place . there 's just nothing good about it , other than its food and it will keep you from starving . that 's not what i want to pay for .	975
0	i agree , i would not recommend this practice . my root canal and crown had to be completely removed a little over a year from when it was performed . my current dentist ( in boston ) informed me that in many instances these two procedures are performed when a tooth extraction should be done because the dentist can charge more money . not only was the quality of their work very poor , but it cost me a lot of money too . i do not wish for anyone to go through what happen to me as a result of poor practices . i definitely do not recommend design in dentistry .	697
1	our technician steve is great , though quiet , we have never had a negative issue with alliance , they have serviced our house since two houses ago in chandler , so this is our third house we have used their services and love their responsiveness and their attention to detail , including calling if they are in the area earlier than expected or if they will be a little later .	1728
0	bad smell when you walk in , no soap or toilet covers in the bathroom . my trim on my hair was fine , but not a relaxing , inviting environment . you get what you pay for .	441
1	one word sums up this new hotel , sexy ! great edition to the downtown scenary and nightlife .	3337
1	i went in to my dress appointment thinking i knew exactly what i wanted - but i walked away with the total opposite , and i never would have found it without bridal beginning ! i was able to find the dress of my dreams - something unique , beautiful , and totally me . bridal beginning was great every step of the way . i came in for two appointments and both of the sales professionals were wonderful . the seamstress was very attentive and helpful at all of my fittings . when i finally put the dress on at my last fitting , i was elated . my dress was perfect and i could not have asked for anything more .	2938
1	first time and first stay in canada . hotel espresso in montreal is clean and comfortable . but , the best part was the great friendly service . from check-in to check-put eric and the other front desk personnel went the extra mile .	1680
0	what a ripoff . for a $ 13 salad all you get is iceberg lettuce , a few measly shards of onion , cucumber and tomato , and some old tasting meat . so many better food court options .	6
0	the coffee is bad , the service is typically grungy ( but in an endearing college student kind of way ) , the shop is dirty ( and sometimes smells like a shoe ) , and it 's always crowded . so why two stars , instead of one ? well , two reasons , the location and the people . the location makes it the frequent stop for smokers reading beat gen lit . the people here are hilarious . i love to get a cup of coffee , which i do n't drink , and just people-watch for an hour . because honestly , if you want good coffee , then why are you in oakland ?	596
0	such a let down . the food is not good , taste is bland . the restaurant was not full when we got there , that tells you a lot . el bistec sabia a carne vieja . muy mal savor . the beef tasted like old beef the taste was almost rancid .	811
1	great place awesome customer service and every book you need ! ! ! right across from mcc ! !	336
0	stopped in twice- one time they had their `` soft '' opening with a limited menu and the second time they did n't have a happy hour menu established yet . the pictures of the food they posted online did not match their menu . not coming back a third time .	3336
1	great local pub perfect for a cold one on a hot day .	2045
0	there certainly are a lot of offerings on the menu . fettuccine alfredo , poutine , shwarma ... the set up is kind of confusing when it comes to ordering . we had the falafel and chicken kabobs . we were not favorably impressed with the food .	808
0	they are very nice , and the place is beautiful . however , they are a bit overpriced for their quality of work . both times i 've come here i 've gotten a gel manicure and it was chipped less than 24 hours later . ( i did n't do anything physical to damage them ) the owner did my nails and he cursed about other workers and made jokes that some people could have really been offended by . i wo n't be going back	265
1	it was recommended when i first moved to az to go to a woman 's place through my coworkers . the staff is very knowledgeable and are willing to answer all your questions . lynn fiore is amazing . my friends see dr. cooper , who is also a very genuine woman . i recommend this place to any woman who needs a good gynecologist .	3103
0	the office staff is rude , arrogant , just plain mean . i get stressed just with the thought of having to call them about an appointment or questions about meds . i have been placed on hold for up to a half an hour , with no apology . but usually i get a recording with a message that they will call me back , they never do . when i did get through with them they could not find me in their computer system . good luck getting an appointment and feeling valued as a patient . go elsewhere if you can .	1541
1	sarkis fixed my necklace in less than a minute . such a lovely man , and i love this place for all my jewelry fixes ! ! ! !	3533
0	never use focus plumbing . they installed the plumbing in my new home . a year later the water softener drain in the laundry room has a problem and water everywhere on the first floor . things happen , okay . but now that they 're on the hook to fix it they 're trying as hard as they can to say we caused it by being up in the attic so they do n't have to fix it on their dime . they 're giving our builder the runaround . they 're not living up to their contractual obligations and i 'll never do business with them .	1714
0	i appreciate the reply but i asked about scheduling an appointment the first day i came in and was told by the staff , general x-rays are walk-in only . they even suggested coming in the morning or the middle of the day , when wait times are shorter . sounds like your staff needs to be brought up to speed so they can relay better information on to customers/patients .	752
0	80 bucks for an iphone 5 screen are you crazy .. do n't waste your time going here . call around average price is 65 bucks	2930
1	service is very quick around the 5:00 pm hour on a friday . the food is pretty good for fast food chinese ! no stomach problems yet ! i had the orange chicken and fried rice !	958
1	best gun shop in the valley jeff and family are amazing as ive grown to know them . i will always seek to them as a source for my needs and wishes . ive been in before i have met them and will say huge selection and knowlege its fantastic ! ! ! !	1183
0	hey if you wan na pay full price for a guitar that has been handled and dinged up by 1,000 people go for it ! ! it 's amazing how beat up many of the guitars here are . the staff was annoying as all hell , bugging me every 2 seconds to see if i needed anything ! ! go to sam ash or sweetwater instead , you wont be dissapointed ! !	3602
1	their customer service is absolutely amazing . we have been long time customers of levin . every time we place an order we never have any issues.. we always work great people . justin from the wexford location was particularly helpful at our last visit ! will continue to shop there forever ...	401
0	my advice : do n't waste your money going to this place ! i have been here a few times and the last time was so bad that i will never go back . my last experience , i was taken back to a chair by a man for a pedicure . he roughly rushed through the pedicure for about 10 minutes , talked to his friends the entire time and did a bad job of painting my nails . i was so stressed out by the time he finished . this was not relaxing at all and i left with a bad experience and a ugly looking pedicure . that was my worst experience but my other couple of visits were n't much better .	43
0	bobby does a great job , but i will never be going back due to i took my mom there on mother 's day and they charged me $ 48 for a fill , a fill ! ! . i got a full set and hers were more expensive then mine . are you joking ? ? they were same length as mine . nothing different . i was so upset and to top it off the lady was slow , kept leaving her and got acrylic all over her fingers and it wo n't come off a day later . it put a damper on my moms mother 's day present .	3682
0	renters beware : inspect your lease carefully . there is a clause in the lease that specifically states you will be charged for carpet cleaning upon move-out , and they will determine the fee ( open-ended ) . we left our carpets spotless and they kept $ 295 of our security deposit . the clause was never mentioned when we rented the apartment .	3734
1	love this place ! ! staff is super friendly and they have super cute urban used clothes -- my kids love it and i always find something too ( the mom ) .	1446
1	great experience ! we were tired from walking at the strip and this was heaven sent . we will come back for sure !	2399
1	5 stars , no question . we came for a bachelorette party . we were at the very center table in the second row of tables and it was incredible . our table ( full of noisy , excited girls ) got the most attention by far , so i highly suggest aiming for that table . this show was worth every penny and now i want to make the trip to vegas just to see this show .	2149
1	i was in and out in 15 minutes . great service . would go back . very friendly . they made some suggestions on filters but no pressure to buy .	2852
1	i ca n't get enough of this place . home made tortillas . green sauce on everything . as healthy as you want to make it ! home made tortillas ! the lines move fast . mmmmmmmmm . home made tortillas ! ! you must eat here ! ! ! !	1365
0	it 's your typical asian nail salon . nothing special but at the same time , nothing super bad either . they were busy when i went in and told me it would be 10 mins - it turned out to be about 30 before i was in the chair . that being said - i flt like even thought i was made to wait , they still rushed through my pedicure and manicure . after leaving , the polish that was supposed to last for 10 days peeled after 3 ... .not a great experience .	2405
0	stephane huve . grosse déception , les 3 plats que l'on a mangé étaient délicieux mais ils n'avaient que la moitié des plats du menu , même pas d'oeufs pour une tortilla , et bien sûr c'était toujours 10 minutes après la commande que le serveur revenait nous dire la mauvaise nouvelle . je ne pas du tout.recommande	1167
1	took my pooch in because she has some super bad seasonaly allergies , and we were helped by dr. jennifer flick . what a nice person ! finally found a vet that is willing to take as much time needed to talk to you about your pet 's situation . she gave me alot of treatment options , outlined the steps , and allowed me to make the best choice for my dog . a great experience overall . and then she told us about there paws plan that gives you an overall package to give my dog all the preventative vaccinations she needs . great service and great value !	3473
1	aw just fixed my car they replaced my bumper and fender and change my wheel they did a great job and i really recommend this place they are very time efficient and did the work well !	8
1	clean , peaceful spa-like atmosphere . the nail technicians were friendly and took their time doing a beautiful job . my gel manicure turned out beautiful ! i will be back again : )	3732
0	there are many fine , qualified physicians in the area . robert newman , md , an ob gyn should not be your choice . it seems he has many other things on his mind instead of his patients , or maybe he 's just tired . i am sure he has been terrific over the years to many patients , but this was not the case when i saw him . everything from botched front desk to unnecessary tests to semi scare tactics should offer an idea of what it is like to be a patient in this office .	1589
0	we were trying to buy a $ 1500 television and could n't find anyone who could communicate with us like human beings . our salesman would not take his hands out of his pockets or make eye contact . after out purchase , we were so upset at the experience we decided to return the tv because we did n't want to give them our business . we paid more at costco for the same unit but got better service . just unbelievable .	3192
0	i always try to find a reason to like a place and the guy who did my nails was really nice , but he just did n't know how to do nails . the picture i took was taken right after i got my nails done and they already look like they 've been growing out for a week . i 'm super bummed it turned out so bad because the salon was clean and looked very nice .	1288
1	loved this place.came here it 's friends after dinner and had a fine time bonding over quaint and tasty beverages.liked the service , menu and eccentric furnishings.its all about the experience and we really had a good one.will be coming back soon !	2219
1	this spa is great , especially for a person who is not looking to spend a fortune on one day . the employees are very down-to-earth and understanding of a limited budget . plus , they have specials/deals to choose from , which is nice . it is clean and decorated nicely . my massage and facial were some of the best i 've ever gotten . i 'm giving this spa four stars because their pool is a little small and they do not have food ( besides some fruit ) on site . but i 'd definitely come back here in a heartbeat !	2225
0	horrible staff at the front desk . i witnessed the indian lady almost hollering at a lady cause she did n't know what she was suppost to say when she picked her stuff up . the young lady that helped me was completely rude when i had a question to ask . i doubt ill ever come back to this place !	3059
1	the food was great our server karu was the bomb he was cool , very nice and good looking guy . it 's the perfect spot for the bring friends and group . great atmosphere and great menu choices . spicy ... but its good haha . defenitely coming back ! ! !	1122
0	just in case you doubted online reviews , catch the 4/15 60 minutes expose on this loser , in the air , when it can get a plane off the ground . where 's the faa ? who 's letting this crap go on , with peoples lives at stake ? come on people , wake up..this is a disaster ready to happen . hopefully , it wo n't happen to you .	3127
1	i have been bringing my daughter here to see dr. trinidad for the last 2 years and absolutely love her ! ! also have worked with dolce a couple of times and she makes the process very easy and seamless and she is a sweetheart . will definitely be coming here for a long time .	2277
0	van service is terrible , expect to wait much longer than other lots . blue sky and the spot have vans coming by much more often .	2531
1	i 've had their macarons a lot and their other desserts to go . they 're always very pleasant to eat and their desserts are more on the sweet side . they 're usually very aesthetic and always nice to give as a gift , birthday or for any other special occasion . this place is on the more expensive end across all their products . this location has a very small amount of available seats . so if you 're planning on sitting down , i suggest you come really early or really late !	1217
0	we loved the signature at mgm but hated how we were treated using las vegas suites . we will definitely return to the signature , but will not use las vegas suites !	921
1	clinton was absolutely amazing ! well recommended..great service and great selection ! i had a easy transaction and pricing was great . clinton provided excellent service .	3576
0	all the guys that work there are scumbags and only try to rip you off to make the company more money . they should just close that store down and fire all the employees . no one truly cares about the condition of your car or your well being they just try to throw all this horse shit on you to make you pay for things that do n't need to be fixed .	2146
0	they would n't do a flat white over ice without charging me for a cup of ice to put it on ice myself . are they really incapable of pouring something over ice ?	3558
1	easily entering my top 3 restaurants in charlotte after just one visit ! pork belly , unreal ! had an amazing prime ny strip with bourbon butter jam , phenomenal !	1226
0	not a good place for car deals if you are a woman ! we went into the dealership and the salesmen ignored me . they flocked around my husband . it was like the dark ages . it was my vehicle that was going to be sold , but no one asked . husband did not make a deal because the price was not reasonable . we left and i was shocked that the good ole boy network is still intact .	3788
0	very nice place , clean and pleasant place to stay . but need to watch your credit card statement carefully ! ! i was charged an extra $ 45 . this fictitious charge was never put on any statement given to me at check out . it took me 30 minutes on the phone to straighten it out . never got an apology ! ! !	2354
1	had a ride from driver jamie . typical old new york cabbie . was great ! he opened the door for me and my date and gave us his personal card . i had bad rides from other yellow drivers before but he was nice . even have me $ 5 off for no reason , i will use him next time . it was nice that is was respectful during ride . i felt safe .	3142
0	made an appointment at 545 for a fill with a few days notice . i get there and i 'm asked if i 'm there for a gel manicure i say no to which the employee tells me i made an appointment for a manicure . she is literally telling me what i made my appointment for then tells me she cant do it . the other people who can left did i mention i am leaving town in the morning . i leave start calling other places managed to find one who will take me	1783
1	trillium is still a good company . it used to be better before it was bought out by the other company a couple years ago . still , these apartments are pretty new , the clubhouse here is beautiful and the pool and hot tub are nice too . palm trees and fountains at the pool and a cabana with tvs and also an outdoor gas grill area . the place is a bit of a maze , just like all the other trilliums . would help if they painted some different colors like shade at desert ridge does . biggest problem with this trillium is there is nothing within walking distance . across the street is a landfill .	3730
1	this place is one of my favorite places to go , their movie rooms are really clean , i recommend .	3947
1	we were here in las vegas to play in a all world 's softball tourney for the weekend . this place is a nice place to play at . they have replica fields that include yankee stadium , crosley field , angels field as well as others . the ball park is spacious and very clean , they have batting cages for baseball and softball . food and drink can be found around the park , they are a little above the average price and the food is ok . they great fields to play on and they do keep the park clean , this was a great place to play in and we will be back for the next event here .	1506
1	i 've been coming to this great clips for a few years now and i usually see maria . she does an awesome job everytime and if she moved somewhere else i 'd probably go there too lol ! i 've also had my hair cut by 2 other stylists here and they did a great job as well . for $ 13 you ca n't beat that ! i 've been to other high end salons only to be dissapointed by some `` fancy '' haircutting technique that left my hair damaged or lifeless . thumbs up to this great clips for great stylists : )	2169
1	my favorite breakfast/lunch spot in vegas , their menu is huge , its so hard to make a decision , my favorite dish is definitely the chicken fried steak its just amazing , and hits the spots those days after drinking in vegas and waking up around noon . i found this place from one of my buddies whose a local , and everytime im in vegas i go here for lunch or breakfast there are no lines like the dinners or restaurants at the strip , and its good to get away from the strip for a bit .	1520
0	avoid this place ! i lived at 410 e green for almost a year.did an early move out on may 2016.before moving out , i thoroughly cleaned my apartment according to the required condition.1 months later , i received a mail stating that there is $ 300 cleaning fee plus $ 30 damages . ( yes , they said my apt needs 8 hours of cleaning @ $ 25/hr , plus $ 100 carpet cleaning ) this is just ridiculous , i 've never been charged this much before . i feel like i got scammed .	222
1	when i made my original review , i only had the burgers , which were n't really a standout . but since then i 've found myself returning for the other items on their menu . for breakfast , they make a mean breakfast sandwich , and for lunch , the lunch boxes are a really good `` healthy '' option . so , the burgers are still status quo , but the other things on the menu are the standout items in my opinion .	901
0	very disappointed . our first appointment with primo and blow at another location fell through because we were a few minutes late . they refused to give us the service even though they told us it was ok when we called to say we were running a few minutes late . we then found this location , called ahead and they stated that they would take us as walk-ins . when we arrived at 7 o'clock the doors were closed . they were supposed to stay open till 8 pm and apparently closed early . very unprofessional . i would not recommend this salon after having two bad experiences at two separate primp and blow salons back to back .	2190
1	i would rate regal village square 18 5 stars if they did n't have their employees walk in front of the screen during the feature film squinting in the dark , looking for people taping the movie . happens every time . please stop . rvs is the first theater i check to see what is playing - especially if there is a limited release coming to town .	2450
1	its a dive yes , however i love it there . once every few months i go there . the food is pretty good and members get free or half off diner coupons . the budget loves that . i found the workers friendly , i have been going there for many years . there is a non smoking area that is just that ! ! !	2928
0	very bad and greedy people ! we went in for our car 's power steering leak problem.. they said the entire pump needs to be changed and also even after changing the noise coming wo n't go completely but will reduce .. all this would cost $ 600 ! then we ourselves bought the power steering leak liquid and poured in the power steering reservoir and all the noise and all the leak problems just completely vanished.. that too in just $ 16 ! ! ! ! then we read loses these people are just here to extort money from the customers rather than helping them truly ! never going to them ever again !	959
0	checked into the hotel and 40 min ago and noticed there was n't shampoo . 30 min later , still no shampoo delivered despite multiple calls . literally on the phone right now while on hold waiting for them to figure this out .	1690
1	surprisingly nice and easy experience buying our new to us 2010 bmw 335 conv from the guys at volvo/tempe ... ..thanks to chris wolfe in sales , kevin green who handled the deal and brandon bonds in service who took care of a check engine light problem in 10 minutes for us ... ... we recommend them for any type auto sales/service ... mike and deb hamila	525
1	impressed with the fast service kiosks ! this location is always busy with a line it the door , so it 's nice to have another ordering option . there 's an option for special instructions on the kiosk , so i took full advantage and asked if my salad could be tossed in dressing ( i ordered to-go ) . i was a little disappointed to see a small ramekin of dressing stuffed in the dry salad ... wondering if those special instructions are actually seen . overall i had a pleasant experience . the food is always fresh and i appreciate the plant-based section of the menu . the new teas are also phenomenal !	1259
0	pathetic service ! ! ! will never go back . eggs ok , bacon ok , but undercooked potatoes are what ruined my meal other than the poor lazy service from wait staff .	406
1	really good food here ! the mild salsa was sweet and very flavorful . ordered the steak and enchilada with a side of mashed potatoes which were all delicious ! the steak was really juicy and the chicken enchilada were both superb ! their classic margarita was so-so though . overall great food at a good price !	1094
1	i went to the spectrum location for a ct exam on 2/28/17 . chloe m was my ct tech and she was fabulous . she explained everything , listened to me , was so friendly , kind and understanding . i had dye contrast and i never felt the needle going in or coming out ! it went quickly also . i was taken back early too ! i really appreciated her kindness and great customer support !	188
0	food poor , waitstaff preys on the drunk and takes advantage of their wallets , unless you 're a aggressive patron do n't bother with this place.i bought a pint which was $ 6.25 gave her $ 8 and she goes `` thanks hon '' and walked off assuming that 's the whole tip ! no option . i usually give a buck on a pint . sad to say as its so local to me . firkin is way better ! and just up the street from it .	1064
0	woeful service is right ! ! ! one person taking orders , one rearranging macaroons , 3 standing around - and food handlers without gloves ! this place was in slow motion , no greeting , nada , nothing . stood in line and walked out after 20+ minutes with 3 other parties in front of me . au revoir .	1160
0	this is probably the most expensive place in town , and service is the worst . el lugar más caro si quieres arreglar tu teléfono además el servicio al cliente es el peor .	1104
0	worst service ever . sat 15 minutes without being acknowledged . ... we were in a hurry . told server we were in a hurry and yet he still had time to crack jokes and try and be whitty w our table ... .waited 25 minutes and food still not even started yet so we had to have our friends take it to go . never going back ... ..	1319
0	food is great as always but my whole family told them 3 times we are here to celebrate a birthday and it got ignored . a happy birthday would have been nice as you only get to choose 1 place for your birthday ! we even opened presents as they cleared the table and ... .nothing ! so go there for the food but do n't do any celebrations at this locations . go to their toronto location , much better service !	440
0	did n't think the food was comprable to the price . little bit of an attitude behind the bar . will not come back	1331
1	i brought my receipt and picture that i had uploaded to this website to the store yesterday , and they did n't even hesitate to correct my order and make everything right . the three orders that we had placed a week ago were made perfect yesterday . thank you for fixing the situation .	3372
1	donna is an absolutely amazing sales associate , she is very knowledgeable and efficient , she is very thorough and knows the products in the store . she will get you in and out in no time as a happy repeat customer each and every time .	616
0	any repair has a minimum price of $ 350.00 . the girl who answers the phone said that 's that . there are many companies who are more flexible on price and more honest . i 'm going with prestige roofing , a referral , who did n't give a minimum . i guess this company does n't need the business . that 's cool for them !	3763
0	i bought a tv from rc willey 's and guess what it exploded in the back my grandkids were almost caught with the acid that the tv started to spread out the backside of the tv and guess what the response was from rc willey 's all that stuff happens this is what the corporate office said they could care less if your kids end up in a hospital or cemetery as long as they sell you a tv	439
1	carx offers detailing and i have been using the bradley/prospect location for detailing for several years . a full detail is usually $ 99 but you can get a better deal if you watch for specials . i take them a car three or four times a year and they do a great job buffing out the paint and a solid job cleaning the interior - i 've always been satisfied with the quality of work - it 's a good value for $ 100 . i also take them my wife 's car and my mom 's car and i trust them to work on my mom 's car .	1044
0	horrible service and mediocre food . i would n't come here unless there were no other options . i honestly do n't get the good reviews of this place .	176
1	a first rate way to spend an afternoon with the family . this zoo is run entirely through endowment funds , and is free to the public -- though donations are appreciated . great exhibits , with new ones being added . the surrounding park and arboretum are beautiful . bring a cooler and a grill and make a full day of it !	3786
0	les service est lent , pas toujours courtois . la nourriture est ordinaire , sans plus ... pizza , pâtes on ne perd pas son temps à manger des côtes levées ici quand le baton rouge est si proche !	77
1	i really like this gym . flexible hours , and lots of good classes . it 's not usually too crowded , and there is a nice ladies ' section . the group classes are my favorite - especially body pump and cx works . annette , anamaria , and marko are all awesome instructors ! they really push you and motivate you and help you master the right form . i 'm sure the other instructors are great , too . the bathrooms could use a makeover - you have to flush the toilets twice , and there is a mild funky smell in there . but other than that , this gym is great . the stephanie location is great , too .	465
1	what a find ! it was so much fun to take our sons here and eat a great meal . the beef brisket was excellent , so were the ribs . we were so full from our meal we did n't have time to try dessert , next time we will split a plate of food so we can try dessert . everything we had was great !	144
0	i went there for a massage because they are running a special $ 60/hour but that is not for deep tissue . that would have been $ 80 . so i said : ' go as deep you can for the 60 '' . big mistake ! ! ! i got a finger tip massage , i mean not even swedish massage . i have gotten better massages at the school , my neck feels worse . save your money .	3489
0	the employees did n't care about making sure every driver was accounted for and sent part of our group out without even making sure they were in the computer . so whe the times came out we did n't even get to see how we did ...	1969
1	probably one of the most basic hotels ( amenities wise ) but overall i was really impressed . the remodeling they did looks really good actually and the rooms were very clean . breakfast was whatever but what can you expect . being right next to the rta was awesome by the way . i really enjoyed staying here especially for the price !	3227
0	at first i though the place was ok , not especially tasty or anything , but good enough if in need of some calories . but after further reflection , and after burping fried chicken burps for about 4 hours after eating , i 've decided that big in japan is n't worth the trip at all . the food court seating is somewhat lame as well .	1582
1	great customer service and such a great environment . everything was sleek and clean and the people were so helpful and friendly . they even have a great area to wait for your car to be serviced with drinks , snacks and a television .	3688
0	the staff was rude as hell . i told one of the staff i would like to switch to another seat because there was something in front of my leg which is giving me pain . the staff was so annoyed and told me if i can see any empty seats then sit there . yes , it was busy but she did not need to be rude .	1182
0	watching wonder woman as we speak ... and can barely see anything in dark scenes . really not enjoying it much . most of the movie is in the dark too btw , even it 's day scenes are dark and sean because of it being ww2 . so shitty experience . i 'm sure there are brighter projectors out there .	1634
1	went here while on vacation in toronto . i am a craft beer fan , so i figured i would give it a try . i expected it to be a very commercialized microbrewery , and that was exactly what it is . the beer was n't very unique , but it was still good . the food was delicious , and the staff was attentive . we sat close to the front , which is open-air in the summer . it was a lot of fun watching everyone walk by throughout our meal . definitely enjoyed it and would go back again for the raspberry beer . i really enjoyed it .	670
0	watery coffee set the stage for a breakfast that was not farm fresh . pancakes - large and fluffy ... but dry and tasteless denver omelet - thick skab of velveta like cheese product snd tiny thin sliced deli ham bits . biscuit - dense doughy mass hash browns - brown but not crisp and mushy ... the poor ketchup was more like a dessert sauce ... waaay too sweet ... the ingredients included both hfcs and corn syrup . nice open floor plan with friendly staff ... but wouldnot return for this food .	213
1	went here with my mom and sister and i have to say this one of the best nail places i have been too super nice not pushy at all . super professional . we will be coming back to this place : )	822
0	great place to get a horrible hair cut and sweat your butt off while getting it done ! ! ! why ca n't people follow simple instructions ? ? ? i 'd rather shave my head than get another hair cut from this place ! ! ! ! !	2299
1	i like to play here now and then , i will have to try food and get back to properly review	1939
1	great service . angelina was outstanding . order a drink i 've never had . did n't like it . got me a new one . original drink never charged . she gave extra special treatment to my little girl . food was good . i recommend the tater tots as an appetizer .	632
1	have to update my last review ... i was looking at the billed charge & had n't seen their contacted rate with my insurance , which turned out to be your average urgent care visit fee . they provided excellent service , encouraged me to go to the er in spite of things appearing normal & it saved my life as i went into cardiac arrest 24 hours later while under observation . thankful to have such a caring & thorough urgent care so close to home .	2058
0	once again poor customer service . love the car , but considering a 100k price tag the service department is one of the worst i have experienced .	2659
0	been going to this place forever because of their generous portions and great staff . well not anymore . today i got told that apparently pickled cabbage is not included in your shawarma . it was included for past two years but not today . so i had to pay $ 4 to get some cabbage . what a cheap cheap customer service . off to finding another shawarma place . will never be back again . way to lose a customer over a bit of cabbage .	1206
1	this place is really cool ! just from looking at the entrance you feel like you 're walking into a really fun place . i was here for the cocktail muse event . the staff was friendly and accommodating . the decor of this place is really fun , they totally rolled with the bowling theme . we did n't get a chance to bowl but there 's going lanes downstairs and upstairs . i will be back ! !	742
1	this car wash is quick , inexpensive , and does a very good job at cleaning your car . there is no other drive-thru car wash that compares with this one . i highly recommend it .	1102
0	this facility has been too up and down with my care . i also had a few root canals and they end up not sizing correctly and then i got a few more temps and those broke . without any candy or hard food . the facility is careless and they have no essence of time . i am a medical assistant in dermatology & allergy . i know what it takes to move with certain procedures . this facility is trash .	2836
0	have to go with one star on this one . sub-par workmanship has left our recently resurfaced pool looking worse than before the work was done . despite attempts to have this company honor the warranty , nothing has been resolved . they have acknowledged the issue but have failed to fix the staining and cracking . we are now out several thousand dollars and our pool looks like crap . according to their website , they also operate under aqua sentry . buyer beware !	3038
1	best hand-cut ribeyes in the west ! service is legendary ! freshly baked bread makes you want to slap yo mama ! ladies looking great and way to hustle .	1491
1	the did a great job helping us out with our warming light . the 'service engine soon ' light came on and they check it for free plus gave us the printout of what the code meant .	3455
1	i have been searching for a decent tailor and finally found it ! this shop is the best . they are very professional , very reasonable and fast ! i brought in two pair of pants to be hemmed monday and they were done by tuesday noon . if you are looking for a great tailor , you will find it here !	442
0	i have given this location many many chances . they always forget something when i order . i order the same dang thing and they always get it wrong ! are you kidding me . plus i use the mobile app which defines what all goes into the order . done with this location ! your teas come with milk , once they gave me three bags of tea and water , wheres the milk ? then they put the milk in another order wheres the freakin tea bags ?	2849
0	took just under an hour for my car to get washed on a thursday afternoon . i distinctly remember people sitting down after me , yet they got their cars first . this place is unreal . 55 minutes to get a car wash , the gm better be contacting me .	2198
1	great baked goods . love the `` pick 2 '' - soup & sandwich ; pasta and soup ; salad & flatbread ; for the indecisive ( yeah , that 's me ! ) , you can have two of the myriad things that look and really are all exceptionally good . iced tea & iced coffee in addition to sodas . gets really crowded at lunch so come early to avoid long lines !	701
1	we had a great time here for breakfast . a group of 12 of us flew in from la and needed some breakfast before heading out erie pa for the weekend . the grub was great . everyone thoroughly enjoyed their meals . the staff were great . so nice and accommodating to our big group . our server was so good too . she did n't mind writing up separate checks for all of us . food came out fast and hot .	521
1	i came here with a friend a while back , and they were amazing . we got a 2-person massage discount on groupon , and they gave us a very thorough deep tissue massage . the atmosphere was very peaceful , and the massage therapists were great at really getting in there and working out your muscles . i would definitely come back if i was in the area !	2399
0	stay away at all cost ! ! this place is loud and the room was filthy upon move in . not to mention the front desk and leasing managers are horrible . we were told something numerous times and they went back on their word . as of now we are taking them to court . do not work with tana nash . she lied to us numerous times .	748
1	went here to look for a christmas tree and the associate by the name of virginia was beyond helpful . she really helped us and made our shopping wonderful . she gave amazing customer service .	99
1	cool entertainment spot . nice establishment , friendly staff -- so far . would be nice to have a package for families .	3707
0	here right now at this location . and victor the server is working . first we waited almost 10 minutes for someone to come out . then when he did , he came out irritated . took our order and being rude . have him the menu back and he snatches it from my hand . ... made us feel as if we were unwanted ... . what a jerk.. definitely not coming back to this location and possibly company ...	520
1	tacos chiwas is the taqueria you 're craving . legit street style tacos that we need near central phoenix . they have a wide selection of meats and options , but you know exactly what you 're getting . the food was served quickly and was hot when we got it . the salsa bar does n't have a crazy selection but has everything that you need . be careful , if you 're not used to spice , stick to the mild . definitely a great go to spot for a nice cold horchata with tacos that 's also inexpensive .	270
1	i have been going here for years . they are always so pleasant ! vanna was my favorite for eyebrows . i am so sad she is not ther any more . does anyone know where she went ? i will conitnue to go to sweet nails for my toes however ! vanna was just a dream with my eyebrows !	655
1	my new `` go-to '' hotel in phoenix area . room was spotless , comfortable and quiet . food and bar service is excellent and reasonably priced	230
0	horrible . had to go somewhere else literally the next day to fix their horrible job at replacing my screen . they literally left out a million parts and told me it was my fault and i had done the damage . stay away , not worth saving a couple dollars . luckily crp on the queensway fixed their mistakes for free . this place sent me home with a non functional front camera but in the end we 're too lazy to connect it . ridiculous .	1586
0	after our couch was delivered we noticed two staples sticking out of the back of the couch . we contacted living spaces that day to file a warranty claim . we are now a month after and they have yet to call us to fix the problem . we spoke with manager of living spaces who stated that because we were 14 days out ( which was incorrect ) it would cost $ 100 just to send a technician out . customer service is less than poor and i would highly suggest taking your business else where .	2071
1	i went here with a friend to enjoy the spa.m we purchased a deal on travel zoo . i would have payed full price ! the massage was awesome ! the facility was clean and everyone was helpful . i plan on returning !	2651
1	this is a very nice hotel . they have comfortable rooms and nice views of the city . i appreciated the desk to work out and the bath products . the two downsides : the concierge was never there and there were no glasses in our room . free wifi in the lobby but you have to pay for it in your room .	73
0	good but not great . a bit icy . i like a creamier version .	164
0	we elected not to make this a major connection stop just to take the dc en route to chicago ( for our toledo , oh stop ) instead because this station , in no way compares to the dc-union station connection . thus station needs more amenities and a makeover to compete with the dc one !	3601
1	i had a nail in my tire , searched for the nearest tire repair shop and came across 24 hour tire repair . as i pulled up they immediately asked what i needed help with , i told them i had a nail in my tire and a slow leak . within 10 minutes it was completely repaired and i had a $ 15 invoice in my hand i was extremely happy to pay and get back out on the road . do not let the exterior looks keep you from using their services , you will be extremely happy with the outcome .	247
1	convenient location , decent prices and a good selection . i 'm usually a walgreen 's fan , but this cvs is pretty darn good . i 'd give them five stars but i just ca n't get past the carpet in the cvs store . that i 'm not a fan of .	3583
0	food is fine but service is terrible . if you do not want to spend $ 100 dollar buying an angry night , do not go .	396
1	excellent location , good food , good drinks , and friendly service . my favourite dishes are the mac ' n cheese and the chicken wings , which are firkin delicious ! my favourite time to go is in summer when the patio is open . you have an excellent view of downtown toronto and you 're just meters from the lake with a perfect breeze off the water . comfortable , peaceful , and delicious . one of my favourite pubs ( and firkin pubs in particular ) in toronto .	2205
1	fair price . skilled electrician . on time , work finished promptly . neat , cleaned up when finished . a pleasant workman .	1867
1	once again margrett mims is the best ! very helpful and knowledgable . thank you very much !	1141
0	bike shop with a side of coffee on a whim . do n't go here unless you need anything but convenience . coffee is horrible . just a body behind the counter pushing a button for burnt , bitter and weak coffee . i 'm sure the 4 stars for his place have more to do with the bike shop than the coffee . wo n't be returning .	3726
0	good food east side of building outside is absolutely disgusting trash everywhere it 's gross	135
1	great beer . great staff . tiny bathrooms . this is my local place . tons of beer , the food aint bad . i most look forward to when they open up the windows in the summer , which turns it into one of the best shaded patios in town . no tv 's though , so i have to stay home to watch the mavs or cowboys games .	3344
0	really the worst pizza i ever had . a flat limp mushy pizza . they did not have 3 toppings that i wanted , and then wanted to charge $ 3.00 for a little goat cheese . never again . sorry !	282
0	way too much money for their services - $ 60 before tip for a gel manicure . i was told it would last 2-3 weeks , it lasted about one week . the quality of the job was n't great . the staff were nice , place was clean . one of the aestheticians started talking about how bad the gel manicure is for your nails while i was sitting right beside her getting it done , which was awkward .	876
0	portions were way to small for the price ! ! ! paid $ 10 for a side salad . service was excellent i will say food was good but most likely wont go back . have had much better food at more reasonable prices .	714
0	they still do n't have a doughnut menu in the drive thru . they have been open for six months now so there really is no excuse . other dunkin ' doughnuts have two menus displaying the doughnuts . the staff is not nearly as friendly as the dunkin ' doughnuts on greenfield and the 60 .	1770
1	regular visitor . the service at the front desk where tickets and snacks are bought might be goor or weirdly bad , but the gentleman sometimes checking the tickets etc is a seriously good friendly and helpful host before the movie . quality of movies is good and also location , choice of movies and ok movies . will see you again my favourite place : - ) .	2061
1	green grotto is a very comfortable and well-decorated bubble tea place , making it a perfect spot to hangout with friends . the drinks in my opinion are just average compared to other places , but they do have many options . it is more on the pricier end , but i guess it makes up for the free popcorn . nonetheless , it is the comfortable atmosphere that keeps me coming .	344
1	love this place ! the only place i can get some cartage bolts and a max485 transceiver ! it is a bit daunting , and does not always have everything you need . though it is still better then having to drive north or west to get all of your electronic and home repair hardware !	2586
0	i wanted so much to like it . the food was terrible and that was after a 35min . wait . i ordered a prime rib french dip and there was no au jus , beef not prime was overly salty . my hubby ordered the big meat breakfast that had 2 strips of overdone bacon , two hockey puck sausage , also two eggs that were over hard that were supposed to be over easy . he forgot the biscuits but they turned out to be extremely hard and cold . he brought our drinks in small paper cups because he said all the glasses were dirty .	1542
1	smokin ' lingerie has the best selection of fetish gear in arizona . not as brightly lit as a castles or fascination , but the store definitely caters to those who are into advanced dom/sub play . the staff seems fairly knowledgeable as well .	1703
0	worst nail salon ever . just left with all my nails in uneven shapes and lengths . i had asked if someone else could do them and the other person made them even worse . they grabbed the nail file out of my hand while i was trying to fix them myself and still changed me $ 20 even though i 'll have to have all my nails removed and put back on . never going here again .	2148
0	i did not like this place at all . if you 're looking for chinese food go to kj kitchen at china town . the dishes we ordered were all too salty . i did not try the noodles or congee . however , for traditional chinese the dishes were too salty and not consistent .	294
0	am at a total loss as to why someone did n't follow-up and come give me a quote for purchasing and installing a camera security system as a scheduled . nor did they call to reschedule or cancel . to make matters worse , i was calling for my son who has been a customer of their 's for the past 5 years . my attempts to problem solve and reschedule were even worse . three calls and no resolution . smh	45
0	place sucks beer not cold service sucks waitress did not her beers kitchen looked dirty but plenty of tv to watch	2694
0	i attended a cooking class with 7 other friends on grilling steaks this past march . apparently , the original chef was replaced and no advanced notice given . the class was disorganized . only 4 people did any grilling . i learned nothing . subsequently i sent an email to the store stating my dissatisfaction . after many weeks and absolutely no response or acknowledgement to me i called the store directly . the owner was `` unavailable `` and i gave my number more for a return call . still waiting ... ... . i would not recommend this store to anyone .	2612
1	spent almost every weekend here in college . now that i am old i make sure to leave by 9:30pm or so when the youngins start to take over . best long islands ever ! super strong and a reasonable price . also good- electric lemonade .	1966
1	awesome store ! lisa and claudia are very nice and helpful , and u can deal on prices ! all u have to do is ask ! some people might not know that ? ! we got great deals on air conditioning units , heating units , light fixtures and a beautiful bathroom vanity . some really cool odds n ends . it is a little packed store , but they were working on organization when we were there , it already looked better 1 week later . keep up the good work girls !	692
1	good food . the laffa bread is delicious ! ! a must try restaurant . good place to go for a quality meal .	89
1	yeah ! after a few phone call with synchrony bank and living spaces 's store manager visiting , our interest free promotion issue on the furniture purchased was a happy ending ! thank you for listen to our voices . anyhow , we are very happy with all our new furniture which was purchased from living spaces . however , corporate office 's staff is still need some customer service and knowledge of promotion guideline training !	2071
1	i 'm happy to have found this new filipino grocery store so i do not have to drive all the way to seafood city in traffic . the prices here are reasonable and the cafeteria style diner is excellent . they have a good selection of everything that sfc offers and caters to those who live on the south/southeast side for town .	1595
0	this has got to be the worst cupcake we have ever had . they were beautiful and we ended up buying six at $ 3.50 each to bring home for dessert . the frosting was sickening sweet and the cupcakes were all stale . we will never go back !	2024
1	ping endures . in a super-saturated golf-equipment market , ping were first pioneers , and retain huge market share today . ping forges bladed clubs and perimeter-weighted clubs and everything else a significant market-segment needs . their manufacturing work and imaginative design work have always been second to none . they seem to understand the value of simplicity like no other competitor . ping can and does introduce you to the game like no one else , and then can stay with your game even if it goes so far as to get on television ! to the great karsten , i say : bravo !	2934
1	a lot has changed . it was very nice . clean . not too loud . yes i bagged my own sub but that 's because they do n't ask you here or to go so if you are going to go , just grab a bag ! not having napkins out keep it less cluttered as well . the people were friendly .	1340
1	ca n't complain . closest 24hf to my house . pretty clean . no issues with waiting for cardio equipment compared to other places , but could be the random hours i go to the gym . 4 stars	392
0	avoid the french onion soup ... the cheese tastes like margarine and the broth must be from a can , it 's terrible . the new york steak is better than expected at $ 18 ... char grilled and it was very good . burger was average , most of the other food we ordered ( fish & chips , nachos with chili ) tasted like cafeteria food .	892
1	booked an appointment here for my 20th birthday , where i went from brunette to blonde . absolutely gorgeous , and when i did n't like the tone , they redid the whole thing all over again . took four hours in total , but was such a happy blonde after . sadly my hair is highly damaged , so i have to go back to not bleaching it , but it was great while it lasted : )	2509
0	bought chicken skewers from the butcher section and when i got home they looked and tasted like charcoal . seriously ? ! the person that burned it should be ashamed of himself after all that money that cost . i 'll post the picture so hopefully they will see it and do something about it . never had such bad food in there	433
0	was feeling a guilty dd craving but they are not close to me . but i could n't resist . looked up locations and hours and this specific location was close and still open . showed up and they were closed ! looks like the website states the location hours being open until 9pm . got there at about 8:20pm and they were closed . what a waste of a drive . 30 minutes i 'm never getting back . plus no fulfilled craving . thanks for nothing dd !	1770
0	the first time i went here it was perfect but i 've tried this solon 3 times & they 've asked me to leave every time saying that do n't have time . so at this point i give it , they clearly do not want my service	1796
1	i have done repeat business with lane & daniel and they are the nicest people . they do n't rush you and answer all of your questions . their products are high quality and their gowns are the same as college gowns . not like my first child 's `` disposable '' gown , quality of a dollar store table cloth . i 'd highly recommend them . most happy people do n't leave reviews . these reviews are just a few unhappy folks out of the thousands served . i 'm glad they 've extended their office hours .	3848
1	got the couples massage here for our 5 year anniversary and it was fantastic ! it was $ 120 , which may seem a little pricey , but it was originally $ 240 . would have given it five stars , but the container used for the foot bath was pretty small . my 6ft tall boyfriend had trouble fitting his feet in there comfortably .	2320
0	they will add gap to your loan without asking for $ 900 and hope you do n't notice . pita to get it off once you notice too . read every line of your contract .	307
1	slow service once we arrived and got to our table , thought it was going to be a experience . our server , kenny , was ok , but was n't able to meet our specific dietary needs . i was frustrated ! brian , the manager , came to the rescue , and made our experience right ! he really took care of us and turned our experience around .	1483
0	hubs and i went in there to check out what they had . i felt like the lady who approached us was judging us and kept saying if we really wanted to look around , since we can order online . after i told her that i 'd still like to walk around , she asked what i needed . when i said i was looking for a bedroom set , she told us that it would cost about $ 5000 and if we still wanted to look around . excuse me ? who are you to judge if i can afford it or not . i felt unwelcome and did n't feel like this place was worth my money or time .	264
1	i love this place . great food and service . definitely my comfort food place . amanda was great ! !	325
1	amazing , fresh , deliciousness ! good for the soul ! loved it . simple , quick and not too many choices . just simple goodness !	131
1	this is a very beautiful park that 's very family friendly . there 's a golf course for people to play golf , an amusement park with food and rides ( carousel , mini-rollercoaster , mini-train on railroad tracks , swings , etc ) for kids and their families , a lake that can be traversed with rented foot paddle boats , fishing areas , designated areas for birthday parties , bbqs , etc , and a bunch of other community based additions . plenty of birds , ducks , and dogs roam the park to give this place an overall great nature and community feel .	3471
0	the pizzas are very small and they only do thin crust . if you like thin crust pizza then you will love this place . but i like my pizza thick and doughy . the selection was good	754
1	yummy fried chicken sandwich , but huge ! ( can be a good thing for leftovers . ) quite spicy though . i had their lemonade with a kick to drink and that was quite good too . solid dinner place .	273
0	terrible service . no one greeted , no one did a tour , no one offered a robe and a pair of slips . you have to ask for everything . if you get lucky to find someone to ask . they ran out of tea and no one brought more . i had to compromise for a cup of hot water with lemon . i 've noticed several other women not satisfied with the service either . definitely would n't recommend it .	2651
0	this is not an art gallery . like the name states its an interiors retail store - that hangs art .	55
0	my issue is with the food service in the convention halls . the bistros are appalling , the service is slow and inadequate , the prices are extortionate , not enough seating available and the food quality is bad too i 'm sorry but 17 $ for a coffee , crappy sandwich and a bag of chips is insane . when working a convention , it 's not always possible to get out into the venetion/palazzo to get decent food . really needs improving ... ..	587
1	started our relationship with usaa with life insurance about 4 years ago . since that time , we 've added a checking account , two credit cards and now an rv loan.. each and every time we 've had communication with them , their employees have been wonderful , knowledgeable , more than helpful . we do n't live near an office so all of our dealings have been with the corporate office or on line . i 've been frustrated lately with very poor customer service from other companies , so it 's been really nice to have such great customer service from usaa.. eventually , we 'll be transferring all of our banking and insurance over to them..	3429
1	i needed to have a cheese/fruit platter made and decided to add a fruit platter after meeting with shari in the deli she is amazing and has the best customer service , they looked beautiful ! i had many compliments and so many people asked where i had gotten them . the fruit was so good , the cheese selection was on point . i asked if i could switch out a fruit and it was not a problem i was so pleased i ca n't say enough . shari will be my go to from now on ! ! thank you thank you thank you ! ! !	2785
0	took 2 hours . got a smog and oil change . they forgot the smog test.. on top of that internet was down . that whole hour while i was gone , they could 've done the smog and realized the internet was down . i asked the guy that wrote down a list of crap that was wrong with my car to re-set the maintenance required light that is flashing because i need a oil change , they forgot to re-set it . oh well , i am sure i can google how to re-set it . two stars for the guy at the reception desk he was nice and kept apologizing .	1324
1	stayed here on a business trip in a king bed high room . the room was super nice , made me feel right at home . if i am traveling in this area for work again i will certainly stay here again . one odd thing is that this hotel was louder than many that i have stayed in on the vegas strip , not really sure how that works , but it is . that is the only complaint i have , and its a stretch .	404
0	if you 're looking for bad lip syncing , very average dancing and some really basic choreography then this just might be the show for you . jennifer struggles her way around the stage in some tired outfits and what is either an amazing weave or probably a wig . the band mimes to the songs and the disney themed showed just sort of fizzles . there are way way better shows out there with true talent that are not relying on a name . go and see one of those instead . you 'll be glad that you did .	1771
0	terrible customer service . the lady was more confusing than helpful . and the other lady in the back broke my boyfriend 's ray-ban 's frames when she took them to figure out the prescription . then laughed about it as if it was no big deal . awful !	2541
1	this was the first time i had ever been in a walmart neighborhood market . this was a very clean and bright store ! there were a few dozen people shopping ; i was there around noon on a wednesday . some items had a terrific , low price and some were equal to other grocery stores . nice selection of brands on the items where i was looking . produce looked good and fresh . parking lot was a bit confusing with construction and all the shopping carts running astray . i 'll probably go here again .	2882
0	horrible company to ever deal with . they lie and are just do n't give to # $ % ^ about their customers . do n't not work with company no matter what .	3324
1	we had a lot of fun . it 's pretty much the breakfast club in a different location . the dance floor opens at 10 so we played `` old schol '' video games while we waited . good drink specials . i was n't expecting it to be busy after reading the other reviews ... wrong..it was packed ! ! ! would go back ...	677
1	great dive bar . amazing prices and super friendly staff . and great music on the bike box too	850
1	great spacious dinning area for family , friends and co workers . pizza was delivered in a timely maner ( 20min ) . prices are reasonable here . courteous waiters and clean restaurant .	192
1	i literally want to be kristy 's best friend . she 's such a sweet woman who radiates such a comforting energy , which made the nerves disappear ! the donation center is very well maintained & everything seems to always go smoothly .	1753
1	was planning on eating an ice-cream cone but then i saw the little dog . a montreal steamie is 1.99 $ with a lot of toppings- a small cone is like 3.50 $ . f that noise . it was as good as a little steamed hotdog should be . the dude was really bad at selling hotdogs / poutine . he seemed sort of sad about the whole hotdog slingin ' industry . next time , i 'll try the bigger ones . chicago and nyc dogs are also on the menu . not sure what their deals are .	769
0	so , decided to give this nail salon a try so i went in for a gel mani . the experience was good but 3 days after having my nails done the gel has started lifting up . i 've never had this happen before . i wo n't be going back because after spending $ 28 plus tip i expect my gel polish to last longer .	258
0	they do n't know how to make indian chaat i do n't even know why is the restaurant named as bombay bhel ... pani puri sucks dahi batata puri sucks.. bhel puri sucks ambience is depressing ... would never ever come here ... .	537
1	amazing ! ! ! brisket is spot on , mac and cheese is to die for ( especially the top browned portion since it 's baked ) , and the cole slaw adds a nice contrast . i have also had the ribs which are excellent . portions are huge . i always eat half for dinner and the rest for lunch the next day . the owner is also very nice and he always thanks us for stopping by . by far the best `` food truck '' in the city . best part is that he 's staying open all winter ! ! ! my go to dinner every saturday	3925
1	i like how you can park at palazzo and walk over to the sands convention . picking up the badges was very quick and easy here since the traffic isnt as bad . place os well staffed and easy to get help when you need it to locate a vendor . place is small compared to the las vegas convention but it serves its purpose for what it is .	587
1	i had lasik with dr. wellish in 2004 . my vision was horrible- 20/2700 . eleven years later and still no glasses . my vision has held steady at 20/40 , and i still do n't need readers at age forty-five . lasik was life changing . if you 're considering it , do it . dr wellish is the best . the office was organized & on time . they know what they 're doing .	2312
1	had battery problems and these guys john and eddie were kind enough to more than just help me out . replace the battery and test everything withy car . there was more problems with my car but i know that they saved me a ton of money with all my battery damage . thanks guys much appreciated .	424
1	absolutely love my new nail salon ! been there twice now and i actually look forward to my next visit . it 's very clean and family owned . friendly and do impeccable work ! i ca n't even imagine going someplace else now ! highly recommend	3497
0	if it were possible for me to give a 0 , i would . i went here because it was next to my condo , but they managed to ruin my $ 400 winter jacket to the point where it 's impossible for me to wear it outside anymore . for routine dry cleaning , i have gotten items back with the spots i pointed out to them still on it ( ie . not cleaned ) . if you 're bringing anything that may be unroutine ( ie . suits ) here , beware !	1758
1	me and my vife we had dinner at this location very friendly atmosphere and a friendly staff kat was serving to us with a big simile in her face .	1091
0	not a good foot or body massage . we thought this was going to be a good place but it did n't work for me , the male guy did n't focus and was in an out , the hot stones which he charge more were hardly used for 1 minute and there is no techniques in the massage . over charge for the service .	2399
0	horrible service do not see jana i repeat do not see jana she is so disrespectful i messed me my nail 2 times i though i go back in and get it touched up cause the nail polish was sliding off and she was in such a rush to get it down , then she was in the back with her coworker and i heard her mumble this fuckin lady never again will i go back to this spa go to dolce salon and spa you get more for your money and more respect	3450
1	this walmart is pretty clean , and the staff is good , but not great . parking is never a problem , and the subway inside the walmart stays open 24 hours ! although it is not a super walmart , it does have quite a bit of food an even a refridgerated section that has eggs , milk , cheese , frozen pizza , etc ...	2254
0	the show started 45min late . this show was being taped . we were so excited to see the show , but did not expect so many slow songs ... i could have dealt with that until one young usher came up to me and asked if the person sitting next to me was with me , i said yes , he is my dad , who had dozed off during one of the slow songs , the usher said : sorry but he is not allowed to be asleep ! ! ! well after spending this much money on a ticket , it came to a surprise to me that such thing was spoken to us . how disappointing .	1771
0	i did n't personally go there however i did refer my girlfriend there and she did not have a good experience despite rave reviews of this place . her attendant must have had an off day that day . she told me it was n't a pleasant experience and that it felt very rushed and the attendant appeared irritated . when she left it did n't appear that the job was completed . there were still a lot of stragglers left behind . overall i think she was a little disappointed as she 's been to other ten spot 's before and have had a much better experience .	876
1	absolutely incredible bowling alley , biggest i 've ever seen . lanes are in great shape , great selection of bowling balls , nice scoring system and tv 's over all lanes . 3 of us bowled 2 game , cost 26 bucks incl shoes and tax ... not too shabby for vegas !	2867
1	this is a great dive bar that is very laid back and easy going . the staff is great and the people are super friendly . the bar food is awesome and is priced really good . there are a couple of pool tables , video machines and dart boards . the music is at a level that is just right .	792
0	sad day . apparently there 's a new owner . we knew something was different ( not in a good way ) . we both had our favorite fish burrito , it was more of a pico and cabbage burrito ! these things used to be loaded with fish and now i was happy to get a tidbit . the service was still wonderful , but unfortunately we will not be returning unless the new owner has an epiphany and serving quality food that meet our expectations .	562
1	it 's a pretty cool place to live . staff is pleasant to work with . i use the amenities regularly .	2492
0	horrible service , ironic the name of the restaurant . the food is awful . the owner is a jerk and did n't care about the experience we had . do n't waste your time or money .	57
0	very disorganized . my wife took the day off from work only to be told that they had double booked right before her `` scheduled '' appointment . this also happened to her during the consultation when they told her one thing only to find out the individual who who offered the service was actually not in the office .	3019
1	love love love this amazing baby boutique . they have many organic products and items made in the u.s.a. plus the cutest and hippest kids clothes in town . the owner was the sweetest lady who loves what she does . i 've never had so much fun shopping for a baby gift . : - ) i will be back and will recommend this great store to friends and family .	1933
0	lower your expectations before going . the online reviews are very surprising but consider the competition , you do n't get a lot of choices . the drinks are reasonable and they do have both box and 9 ' pool tables for a reasonable price . service is spotty depending on who is the bartender . week day evenings service is terrible .	3674
1	i brought my truck in because it was shaking , they looked at the truck and told me the frame had multiple breaks from wrecks it had been in . i told them i did n't want to put much money into it . it needed a frame . i told them i was just going to trade it in and get rid of it . they did n't charge me to look at the truck . this truck was a bad situation since i got it but this place was a bright spot . great people	2680
1	the pear tacos were amazing ! inside was freezing so we moved to the patio with the misters it was nice at night . they have fresh made drinks which is one reason i gave it 5 instead of 4 stars . the kids liked the cheese pizza and fries .	1458
1	from out of state and rolled up . richard greeted us and we had great customer service . thanks so much .	988
0	would n't go here again . first off they are way over priced such as high tech resort . charged me $ 65 for a manicure to do gel ! ! ! ! i could have gotten my nails done three times for that price . they do n't have pedicure chairs so if your short or very tall your screwed because you ca n't move anything . color selection for both regular and gel polish was totally pathetic . if you wan na spend that much money in a simple manicure go somewhere like a five star resort instead .	3502
0	checked in yesterday . the room had one king bed and an office chair . the pack n play they let us use is broken and stained and smells foul . toe nail clippings besides the bed and the sheets were on upside down ... this place needs to be bleached !	3248
1	this place is great ! good food , amazing service , brady and alex are always on top of their game ! ! also other bartenders on the same shift are great ! ! always a good time ! !	1520
0	false advertising . purchased room through expedia . room amenities called out for a game console but when i went down to get it they did n't know about it . i was having surgery so that was the only reason i got it at la quinta is for my son to have something to do while i was recovering . beware ! verify first !	1244
1	consistently delicious . we order from here probably 3 times a month and i 've never had bad food from them . my wife brought her coworkers here and now they 're all hooked on the sinigang na baboy !	658
1	everything is always fully stocked and organized . overall store is clean and employees are always ready to help and not hard to find like most walmart locations . and it 's right by my house so that 's a plus	3066
0	went there twice , but wo n't go again . rooms are small and everything is crappy and rough . do n't recommend .	3088
0	i have been here a handful of times over the last year , but during my last visit i vowed that i would never return . my feet were not in bad condition , so i requested just a quick polish change . the girls left me sitting for an eternity . finally when someone came , she took off the previous color , and slapped on some weird halloween design . i was pissed due to the fact that she neglected trim my nails and had the audacity to charge me 23 $ for that for that hideous creation . i agree with amy , that if you do not purchase their up sell , they do a crummy job .	2297
0	i ordered a prosciutto & fig pizza via postmates . the pizza was supposed to have fresh arugula but it arrived cold , bland , and no arugula . i do n't think i will be ordering from sauce again .	1161
1	exceptional staff great location beautiful and clean . we had a terrible experience at rice and co and decided to go downstairs to try to enjoy the post wedding celebrations that rice and co destroyed . that 's when we found aurora they were so kind and the drinks were wonderful . they let us have our wedding cake there and it was an all around wonderful experience	3343
1	found this place one day while looking for a place to get something sweet for breakfast . everything was fresh and tasted good . prices were comparable to other donut shops i have been to .	868
0	very rude staff.. never going back again..very bad service . for the 18 dollar paid for a simple manicure , which is not cheap , i requested if they can change my nail color , answer to which was a polite no if its not possible , they make you a case study and discuss loudly in their languaue between themselves and throw tantrums ... i didnt ask for your money i just wanted to change my nail color for which iam paying.. u dont have to make your clients feel bad about themselves .. very bad place.. disappointed..	1646
0	sanitation grade is 95 . the worn hallway carpet was soaked in what i hope was water . the back door was standing open and there was no screen door . our server was having her lunch out in the dining room that was brought in from harris teeter .	768
1	what a fun and unique place ! this joint is a little pricey but i guess it 's a healthier alternative than dairy queen . the line was all the way outside the building and down the sidewalk when i came here but i would say that it was part of the experience and totally worth it . it 's a personalized experience , kind of like hibachi , but with ice cream ! it 's customizable and made right in front of you . i would definitely say to check out this craze if you 're presented the opportunity to .	3813
1	one of my favorite places to eat in charlotte ! the live music is entertaining and the older crowd seems to enjoy dancing and drinking on friday and saturday nights . i was introduced to mickey & mooch during restaurant week a few years back . i am heavily addicted to the wedge salad , filet mignon fondue and the crab cakes .	1147
0	one star is too much for this awful place . worst customer service . i placed my claim on thursday about a broken air conditioner , no one reached out to me like they promised . when i called them myself they placed me on hold and hung up on me . after few times trying to call them there is still no one to talk to . waste of money . worst company ever	3653
1	i love the artistic talent that linda has and her eye for great nail designs ! she does all of her designs free hand and i get compliments every time i get my nails done ! i live in henderson and the half hour drive to the north side of town is well worth a great mani/pedi - every time ! i would highly recommend linda or any of the other nail artists at the shop if you are looking for a great experience !	3497
1	fantastic experience . i had a pedicure so amazing by jason , i almost felt like i just cheated on my husband ! the massage portion was 100 % the best i 've ever had . my nails look beautiful too , attention to detail is definitely there ! ! jenna did my manicure , a beautiful job and a wonderful massage to wrap it up , very happy with her attention to detail as well . wonderful customer service , too ! and i was the last appointment of the day ... but i did n't feel like it for one second . i will be back , again and again ! ! !	2097
1	clean , safe , busy but not crazy ... .only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is the parking lots are pretty terrible ... .faded lines , extreme pot holes especially for 2nd level parking near dick 's ( side entry ) . the family restrooms in the cafeteria area are also very nice - bathrooms are typically kept up well .	492
1	i 'm not too sure why this einstein bros location has such terrible reviews , but every time my boyfriend and i are in vegas we make sure to get our favorite asiago bagels in the morning . the staff is always friendly and the bagels are always fresh . the only reason why i would n't give it 5 stars is because there have been a couple of times when we 've gone and there was no asiago bagels left .	477
1	great place to stay for families , had read some of the reviews before booking for our stay on aug 12-15 , there were some conceived peoples who was asking for ridiculous stuff just to be mean . the staff , the rooms , locations , housekeeping , and pool plus breakfast was very nice . the only complaint i would have would be the shower rod was very strange . and for the parking in back need a better walkways because the grass get wet and you cant he from car without get shoes wet . but love the stay here .	1195
0	since they merged with alaska , everything went to shit . delay flights bad costumer service . what a bummer - it was such good fun airline . i guess all good thing must come to an end . jetblue it is ! ! ! !	1623
0	very minimal selection . small seating area . not many bikes either - mainly felt . if you want coffee go to a real coffeehouse . if you want bikes go to a bike house .	3726
0	worst massage i 've ever had . i 've needed a massage for a while , figured this would be a good place , no . they tell you to turn off your phone so you do n't disrupt the other clients , but they bump the walls make noise for the microwave or alarm . my `` massage person '' forgot to massage my whole left leg , the hot stone is a joke $ 45 for an hour is n't worth what you get .	2320
1	tasty gastro pub . better than most on the 'theatre strip ' . i 've been here for both dinner/drinks as well as for lunch . bit of an 'it ' spot during lunch and can be quite busy . dinner was surprisingly quiet ... . though this may change as things pick up . apparently there is going to be a patio in the near future ... but there was n't one when i visited ( may 2012 )	621
1	this was the first time i 've ever done waxing . i originally chose them because of their proximity to where i live . but , i will return . the staff was quite friendly , yet professional . i was put at ease throughout the whole process . everything was explained to me as well as any follow up personal care . even though it was my first time , i felt like i was n't treated simply as a customer but almost as an old friend . this place was great !	3140
1	origin india always tastes great ! it 's a little pricey , but they always have a groupon so check that out first .	600
1	i am very spoiled by this location it 's always very clean food is actually pretty good even saying that as an adult ! and the employees are amazing always very friendly even very patient with my son he takes forever to decide how to spend his tickets lol . when i go to other locations i am shocked at how different they are this one is definitely the cream of the crop !	1283
0	first off tiago must work for a pizza place in verdun ! ! woodland pizza is montreals best pizza period ! ! ! the pizza is done with perfection and this allegation it 's cheap is absolutely bs.everything that is made is made with love ! ! ! i recommend giving the cheeseburger with bacon a try ! ! ! wow ! ! ! on woodlands worst days they would get a 4 and a half and that 's due to maybe them being so busy that they forgot a minor detail ! ! ! besides that woodland pizza is 10 stars	411
1	omg this is one of my absolute favorite spots in vegas ! it 's been a tradition going . i live for mariel but she no longer works there but all the girls there are amazing and the piano player so good ! shout out to elise becuase girl the cover you did of what a girl wants by xtina ! come thru you slayyyyyyyy	3326
0	this review is strictly for the panhandlers they refuse to remove from the premises . i 'm tired of getting out of my car to walk inside , only to be accosted by aggressive beggars who have the audacity to tell you what they would like you to buy for them , once you say you have no cash ! ! if the circle k at 19th ave and osborn can get a security guard to run off the trash , so can walgreens . if it does n't improve , i wo n't be back .	1641
0	... .i really do n't understand the hype and the good reviews this place has at all . first , the place is off-strip . i do n't mind too much since hard rock is a nice hotel . but after getting here , body english was not as great as expected . we even went on the `` recommended '' night . the night i went , the dj was spinning mostly 80 's music and nothing modern . while i do enjoy my 80 's music , it got a little old after awhile . after a few songs , we decided to leave to romp around elsewhere in sin city .	3596
0	this used to be a great clean store . but now it is a dump . cups and lids are always empty , garbage all over the floor . floor is sticky or wet all the time . if something is empty you have to wait in line to tell a clerk and then wait some more to see if they will fix it . the charter school across the street uses this store as a pick up spot , so after school hours the place is swarming with rude school age kids blocking the soors , running around in the parking lot . there is a new store a few miles up the road , i will be going there from now on	2563
1	no self check out lanes still . since they were removed doing my shopping at frys . same with all my family .	2105
1	this location is always friendly and greets you when you walk in the door . the restaurant was very clean . the tables were all clean and the restroom was clean and smelled nice .	1495
1	oh my ! ! i think i 'm in love like the previous reviewer , i have wanted for a great butcher to pop up in mimico . this one has it all ! quality fresh meats all around . the store is beautifully and fully stocked . picked up some angus beef and honey mustard frenched veal chops . both were absolutely delicious ! and , yes , it 's a wee bit pricey but you do get what you pay for here and i love supporting local small businesses . give it a try , you wo n't be disappointed with this mimico gem .	1639
1	love this pharmacy . first time here for a specialty prescription . super friendly staff . thorough pharmacists ! double checked with me before filling script . clean place . seats for waiting with a tv . coffee machine . easy , strip center parking . nice part of town too !	1372
1	kyra 's amazing . my eye lashes look fabulous . what a difference it makes in my eyes . i had next to no eye lashes and kyra did a full set . amazingly beautiful ! thank you kyra ! ! bonnie	2305
0	took out a salad with gyro meat last night , and was so disappointed . not only was the salad drowned in dressing , but the meat was dried out . i 'm not sure that i want to give them another chance .	755
0	it took them 20 minutes to get me my `` hot-n-ready '' lunch special . i was literally the second person there at 11:30 and they did n't have anything made . if i wanted to wait for pizza i would have gone down the street to pizza hut . i was on a strict time frame and needed lunch quick .	519
0	i did n't even know this movie theater existed by mgm . not sure how it stays in business . it 's pretty hidden and super , super old . the tickets are sold at the concession stand ( i think she was the concession stand person as well ) . theater itself was huge but seating was old . they do n't recline back much less even move . arm rests do n't raise up and the rows are very close to each other . probably wo n't go back .	2061
1	cute clothes ! my friend and i stumbled upon this place while walking down mill ave this weekend . they had a holiday sale going on . 50 % off already marked down dresses , tops & bottoms ! yay ! it 's a cute little boutique , lots of cute clothes , shoes , & accessories . the staff was super friendly . and the place was nicely kept and organized . enough dressing rooms so you did n't have to wait long either . i left the store with 3 dresses ... less that $ 40 ! woohoo ! love sales ! i 'll definitely stop by every time i 'm back on town !	3121
1	i have been coming here for the past 4 years ; the pizza and food are great . the service has been very good , some seasonal workers and some regulars . i bring friends from out of town here for good pizza and wings . i would recommend it any time .	1482
0	i was a palled when my 19-year-old son took his michael kors watch in for a battery replacement . and was charged $ 60 . that 's ridiculous ! everyone please , get a price quote on everything . i will never return to fast fix ! ! ! !	3533
0	service is horrible . cakes amazing , but not worth the agrivation . i was there today , and yes , i realize it 's close to the holidays. , but , i 've been there many times in the middle of summer when no one is even outside . my order of buntinis was promised in 20 minutes , and finally brought out to me in an hour . by this point the shop was full of angry customers . bottom line : go if you do n't care about service , or if the employees care about you . for me , it 's no longer worth it .	18
0	went there for lunch today with some friends . i enjoyed my food even though it was on the expensive side . the reason for the low review is that one of my friends had a dead moth in his soup , which was supposed to be vegetarian ! i probably wo n't be going back unless someone twists my arm .	784
1	one of the cleaner and better organized goodwill stores . their prices seem to keep going up , but hey , that 's how you make $ , right ? ?	1657
1	ya , i know smoking is bad.. meh , i 'm an adult so blow me . this shop is clean , small and has a large selection of ... .. uh ... ... items ... .. related to smoking . the guys in there are very nice and polite , and most times have my brand..	2310
0	not impressed for all the good reviews . main doc next to impossible to see & assistants not very good & /or engaged . too many other good docs in town ...	3050
1	i was able to make a same day appointment- easy peasy . our stylist , rosa , was very kind and professional . she gave me tips on how to style the boys ' hair and it stays that way ! looking forward to visiting again .	3548
0	do not come here ! ***scam*** 1 ) girl at the front was rude & unknowledagble . did n't understand that my car needs synthetic oil . 2 ) guy comes back & gives me a list of things he recommends that brings up my normal oil change to $ 100 . my car is brand new not even a year old ! ! ! yes i 'm a young girl with a brand new car , but i am not ignorant ! stop trying to scam people ! ! ! ! update**** next day my low tire pressure light comes on ... . wow if i could give 0 stars i would .	1324
1	dr. abrams was amazing ! after seeing several dentist , even being strapped to the table with white belts , my daughter developed anxiety when it came to the dentist . after her first appt here , she was amazed everything went well , no pain and the staff explained to her what was happening . i only wish i knew about the place years ago ! we will continue to come here in the future.. sam was also amazing , very funny and personable !	2626
1	casey and all western mortgage were a pleasure to work with and operate at an extreme level of professionalism . your loan is safe in their hands !	968
1	i had the bianca ( white pizza ) and my husband had the carni ( meat pizza ) . they were everything you can expect in neapolitan pizza . the crust was soft and chewy . the sauces were light and airy . both pizzas were ready in less than 20 minutes . one pizza is enough to share but we wanted to try more than one kind on our trip here because the toppings looked so great . definitely worth trying on your trip to vegas .	282
0	incredibly slow service . waited 10 minutes before i got acknowledged by the guy with the clipboard . kept seeing different ppl go back and come up front ... makes me wonder how many ppl are hiding back there . only needed to pick up a device waiting for me and i was told i had to wait behind 5 other ppl . curious how t-mobile is adding so many subscribers when the actual person-to-person interactions are slow , painful and dull . took an hour and a half to add 2 free lines and order an iphone . terrible terrible john legere would be upset ! ! !	1169
0	has a convenient location and it is fresher than other paradise bakeries , however experience is absolutely ruin by bad customer service . there is very few people that have customer service here as compared to other locations , most of them are guys ! i 'm never coming back to this location thanks to the cashier named lirio .	701
0	had a reservation for 8am . no car . told me to come back at noon . no car . evidently told about ten people they could rent a car only to have them sit for well over an hour waiting for cars to arrive . the employees chose not to convey to anyone that they were out of cars but let them check in anyways . some people had been there over an hour and half waiting for a car with at least another hour wait . horrible service .	269
0	kid at the take out window acted like a jerk who was being inconvenienced . it 's tempe-there are a million pizza places you can go to where they 're happy to have your business . go to one of those places instead .	1482
1	had a nuclear med scanning july 4th , tech steven j was excellent , i got only poked once to start an iv line . explained in detail what to expect on test which lasted 2 hours . he answered all my questions . room was freezing .	188
0	last night was the last time i will ever stop at this panda . my family and i went in there to have dinner . it was 9:05 pm . there was 5 employees there , not one acknowledged us . one lady was cleaning the glass , the other cooking , and the rest appear to be having a conversation through their headsets . we stood there for 5 min waiting for someone to say something . worst customer service , what 's wrong with these people ?	958
1	do n't let the sketchy exterior fool you , after living around here for awhile we finally ordered from here and we were very surprised to find the food very good . i had the philly cheesesteak delivered and it was delicious and huge . that and a salad could have fed 2 people or more !	1042
0	the worst dollarama location store in toronto , this location which is literally next door to a homeless shelter in toronto 's skid row area is always in great disarray , out of stock of most products , and frequented by mainly hobos or recently landed immigrants from the third world who live nearby ( many in public housing found within walking distance ) . unless you 're looking to meet your neighborhood drug dealer , make a date with a sex care provider ( aka 'hooker ' ) , or experience the ghetto firsthand , do n't come here .	3384
1	really cute place to bring the kids ! our two year old had a blast , went on every ride ! i 'm not sure why there are such bad reviews , this place was better then i expected ! a lot of rides to choose from , a big play area ... it 's like a castles and coasters for toddlers ! the people that worked there where easily available and came over right when they saw we wanted to go on a ride , very attentive . not sure if they have made some changes since seeing some of the other reviews that were not so good , but we definitely will be back !	3791
1	the pies are the best i have had in las vegas . my favorite is the coconut cream . they also make a delicious rhubarb , but you must call in the order rhubarb . really friendly staff - they will wrap your pie up for giving as a gift .	2637
0	love to give this more stars.. the cod app was amazing .. but very very small.. sushi was not very good . the hostess was nice.. but looked like she should be at a strip club the way she was dressed ! waitress was great ! hunter !	602
0	usually have a good experience here but this last time i experienced horrible customer service . the girl whom i ordered my ticket from was very rude and snarky to me . i guess coming to the movies for my birthday was a bad idea because it ruined my whole mood . told the manager about her behavior and he just said `` uhhh ok '' and looked at me like i was stupid . go to amc , smaller theater but nice and friendly workers . also its way cheaper .	1240
0	it 's 5:30 am at the airport and they are not open for breakfast . the deli next door is open and has a nice breakfast . chick-fillet is open . cinabun is open . the smoothie place is open . why not uptown ? it may be because it 's a bar and ca n't open due to local laws . maybe they can not figure out keep the bar part closed while serving restaurant patrons ? hopefully the airport moves my flights out of this terminal while they renovate it . maybe there will be a restaurant open at 5:30 for a standard breakfast .	1400
0	if you want to come and eat breakfast while enjoying the outside this is probably not the place to come . i wanted to enjoy breakfast while having the pool view . so came here saw nobody was inside the restaurant . so i proceeded to go outside by the bar still no waitress in sight luckily the guy at the cash register give me a menu went outside with my menu hoping the waitress would see me and come to me . sat there for a few minutes still no waitress . ended up ordering my food from the guy at the cash register . so now i 'm eating in a to go container and still no waitress in sight .	1390
0	these guys are crooks seriously . police need to investigate ! ! ! dont buy a car from here and dont trust these crooks . worst mistake of my life was trusting these guys .	3857
1	hire more receptionists ! ! ! ! seriously ... ..everytime i call , no one picks up until my 8th time calling ... .or make an efficient online booking system . but i still give them four stars because these girls are actually really good for beginners and offer super cheap services ! keep it up	354
0	i chose this service for it 's good online reviews.it goes to show you ca n't believe all you read.theonly maid ( one only ) did a lazy , half-hearted job.she cleaned a 2300 sq . ft. house in lessthan than 3 hours but , i got charged for afull 3 hours work.i wouldn'recommend this service .	2944
1	fast-fix of scottsdale is the place to go for watch batteries and jewelry repair . very reasonable prices and the batteries are guaranteed for years . personnel are helpful and friendly especially matt . been going here for years and will continue to give them my business .	3533
0	this place is way overpriced for what you 're getting . with a great pizza restaurant down the street ( streets of new york ) they got ta give me a reason to come back	192
1	there seems to be a lot of people complaining about the service at short line . i go there almost every morning before work and have n't once had bad service . people need to be a little more understanding . if an item rings up at the wrong price , it 's your job to tell the cashier the price is wrong . if your $ .89 cup should be $ .49 because it 's a refill that 's your job to tell them that . this place is awesome , huge parking lot , great employees , and always have everything i can ask for .	3814
0	these people are so rude . they charge a $ 200 deposit when just next door they only charge $ 100 . i will never rent from hertz again ! ! i recommend just walking next door to enterprise !	2862
0	mediocre pizza at best.bland sauce and crust.when i ordered mushrooms on a `` serious slice '' they were so bitter i had to remove them.the size of the slices do n't compensate for the lack of flavor at this `` pizzeria '' . much like the mushrooms the owner is quite bitter , i ca n't support a place where `` joe '' or terry rather , belittles his employees in front of patrons . theres a wide selection of quality pizzerias to choose from , avoid this one if your expecting taste .	417
1	well , while waiting in the drive thru line for many , many minutes , i 've had time to jam out to some radio tunes with my one year old and sing the abc 's few times , and read yelp reviews and even write this one . i 've been to this location on occasion and they 've always gotten my `` special '' order correct and are always friendly , but the lines are always slow moving . good thing i know how to have a good time while waiting ...	2778
1	we live right around the corner and we love it here . the food is always good and the people are nice . what else can you ask for ? ! ?	788
0	absolutely rude . whoever that guy was refused to do a piercing ( which ok i understand if it 's the wrong time ) acted completely unprofessional . instead of calmly saying to my friend `` sorry , you can come back another time '' or `` i 'm not gon na pierce you now '' he proceeded to curse and use the f word . if he was frustrated , fine ... but act like an adult . not only that , he rudely walked away and had a hissy fit instead of being a professional . go somewhere else with respectable people . would never give my money .	2790
0	this place is called pro cuts now . still bad as before . ruined my haircut in the front just before a big festival , and since that hair is an inch long it will take 2 months or more to get back to the right length . not sure how i could have been misunderstood about the plan to trim trim not eliminate , a certain part . i swear to god i will never understand how people can mess up something so incredibly easy	2366
1	caliber collision is wonderful , having a hit and run is devasting and frustrating , the best thing to come out of this mess was being introduced to rich viano , he had a estimate for repairs immediatley , scheduling was done that day with a promise of my car beiing totally finished in 4 days , sure enough rich made all this happen in the time frame he said ... ... . when i went to pick my car up , it was beautiful , the damage ? what damage , it was amazing , and the inside was vacumed and looked brand new . thank you caliber collision , and a huge thank you to rich viano ! ! ! !	1819
0	the food is very underwhelming . the ingredients are obscure for obscurity sake and frankly just is n't that tasty . my quail had more rosemary than i have ever seen it was like chewing a stem . the service is great at the top end . but the waiters are inattentive . my drink got to empty three times and i was still trying to flag someone down . it 's a nice enough place but there are way better option , like buca on king .	833
1	very clean , great staff , nice and elegant ! the spa pedicure was amazing and my fill in was perfect . did not feel rushed nor did it take too long ! was n't overcrowded and was seated right away ! these salon knows what they are doing !	1263
1	did i say this is the best walgreens ever , ok it is ! ! ! they are remodeling the store , i hope they are finished because they need to restock some of my favorite things . i ca n't why it needed a remodel but ok , i will hold further opinion until it is finished . they have been open for business 24/7 as usual and my prescriptions are always ready or they say wait we 'll do it now , this is before it was supposed to be ready . i love this location , keep up the good work !	1641
1	love the room , the service was outstanding when we checked in i told the front desk we had just gotten married ( that same day ) & they upgraded us to the club level . thank you so much for making our day extra special . at night we received a complementary bottle of champagne . we we 're so happy . we went to the pool & came back to a very nice clean room . it 's also fairly close to a nice night club so we took a cab for a fun night out . thank you . i wil be back & recommend this hotel to everyone . thank u sooo much everyone	3166
0	i make better hot dogs at home . i guess it 's cool with a group of people but the actual hot dog has a weird ( not good ) taste . i prefer a hebrew national .	1407
0	i have to say the sales people at the store were very nice , but that where anything good about this experience and company ends . as soon as you walk out the door and they have your money they are done with you . please do yourself a favor and buy furniture anywhere but here !	2071
1	absolutely the best smoothie place i have ever been to . so good that i had to ask the lady what her name was . thank you , ciara for making me the best smoothie and for being very kind and patient with me . definitely recommending all my friends to come and i will be back !	1401
1	great spot to get a haircut . all the ladies here are great and cut hair well . this the only chain hair cutting spot i will go to in northwest lv .	3557
0	if you want to call , and call , and call and never get to talk to a human or have you message replied to , cal the comprehensive cancer centers of nevada . no matter how many massages you leave , no matter what option you chose ... ... they just do n't give a xxxx good luck to you . a fascinating update : 10 min after i send an email on their website they called back and the problem was resolved in a minute ( as it should have been last week ) . hooray !	2900
0	right when i walked in i seem something was odd at this particular chevron i asked to see if they could sell me some propane and some coincidentally they had just right now and saw the last tank without even checking very disappointed will never ever . come here for anything i live 1 mile from here and will tell all my roommates the same	2681
1	went there for 30 day treatment for an addiction to xanax the staff was very friendly helpful the program worked well it 's a very comfortable place housekeeping keeps you stocked and clean the chefs cook amazing meals daily you even get a massage my only complaint was getting another $ 20,000.00 bill , after my insurance paid them $ 30,000.00 in full they do tell a lot of lies to get you in there though	2809
0	2 stars because the snacks and bubble were pretty good . the service was horrible . the server barely listened to my order bringing out what she thought i said . i even pointed out what i wanted on the menu but flew right over the servers head . the rice they served was pretty soggy , but that might just be subjective . this was n't the first time i 've come here and received bad service . this place can be pretty inconsistent with the quality of their beverages as well .	344
1	found this place while walking and walked by a few times . my boyfriend and i decided to try it and the place is a bit small only fits about 10 people or so but the service is great , very friendly and helpful . we ordered some sushi and a dinner plate . food was great very fresh and well done . the plating was wonderful very nice and made me feel like i was at a fancy upscale restaurant . pricing was fair for the amount of food we got . very nice place and will be going back very soon	734
0	saw lionel richie perform there tonight and although i loved his performance immensely , i was sorely disappointed with the venue . we purchased vip seats and they were narrow middle school cafeteria type chairs zip tied together in a row . we were basically sitting on the person next to us ' lap . when we attempted to break the chairs apart to give each other elbow room , the usher called security then the police - both of which ignored her .	2879
0	ordered and paid for 30 sandwiches ( 3 diff types ) and a dozen donuts two days in advance for a corporate training event for sat morning at 730am . arrived at 710am . hiccup with croissants . told it would be 14 more min . no worries . 14 min later they are still not ready . 11 more minutes . ended up going with their crappy tasting flat bread instead to arrive on time to event . dd reps also didnt label the sandwiches like promised . thanks for screwing up the $ 200+ sale . wont be returning to you guys ever . will also be complaining to dd corporate . this staff at this location is worthless .	606
1	the security officer at the entrance of the mesa office was extremely helpful . he was very nice and friendly . even though he told us that we had to go to a different location in phoenix for what we needed to do , it was very pleasant to be greeted by such a nice gentlemen . i had to post because he deserves some recognition .	2780
1	i had dinner here last night while staying at a delta hotel east of downtown , a change from my norm in toronto . i opted for one of the five course meals which was about 55 cad . it was a great deal ! the miso soup was tasty with fresh mushrooms floating on top . the avocado shrimp salad was refreshing but the sesame dressing was my favorite . the lobster and steak were cooked perfectly and was a solid good dish . the waitress recommended i try two of the ice creams and i opted for black sesame and mango . i wish i had a double serving of the black sesame .	422
0	brought in a $ 25 purchased ebay clock to get fixed . agreed to a quote of $ 17 and told to wait 20 minutes . walked up later and handed over a $ 20 for the 15 minutes of work . repair guy asks where 's the other $ 50 ? tough way to make a living ...	2307
0	if you have 25 minutes to burn waiting for lunch to-go orders , this is the place for you ! i ordered one of the simplest items on the menu ( a vegetable salad ) and i still waited over 25 minutes for my order ... i 'd probably still be waiting for it if i did n't flag someone down asking where the food was . about 8 people who arrived after me and were eating there got served before me . it 's like they cared more about the dine-in customers more than the to-go orders . if that 's the case , stick to what you 're mediocre at and do n't offer a to-go option .	1161
1	the new maintenance man ... armando is great ! he provides excellent service . they are lucky to have him !	2452
0	bought a groupon and had out of town guests so wanted to go . tried calling , had to leave a message . tried booking online 3 days in a row would n't accept my groupon code . they emailed back the next day and when i said i had a groupon , the time was no longer available . i tried another time . did n't hear back again for over 24 hours and that time did n't exist they said . when i finally got a call , 3 days after the first attempt , she was not very nice and i chose to return my groupon . seems odd that its that hard to speak to someone and book an event .	805
0	eating here as a single person is like having a contagious disease . other tables were told specials . no one asked about dessert . i am now giung to add to bad stereo types by tipping , for me , very ungenerously . i believe in tipping well . the food was ok , but i have to say that i thought the bacon in my taco was a foreign object like a shard of steel . disappointing .	1458
1	great hookah , delicious food ( we tried the chicken kabob and freshly made bread ) , very friendly staff . i will definitely go back when i visit vegas in the future .	1229
0	worst airline ever , gave them another chance . they totally suck . should be minus status ...	3127
1	jason at express van lines was incredibly easy to work with , a pleasure to talk to , and went out of his way to be available ... no matter the hour . he was refreshingly prompt with all communication and always went above and beyond ( working at 9 pm one evening ) to be sure our move was taken care of . jason is serious about wanting to take care of the customer and i felt it . amazing customer service .	153
1	stayed 3 months for corporate training . i love this place . it is an oasis just a 10 minute walk to the strip . grills , hot tubs , pool , gym sauna , rqt ball , tennis courts . this has to be the best piece of property remaining just off the strip due to its huge grounds and villa feel . the front office folks were great to boot . anyhow , if you have to go to vegas for training or an extended stay , i can not recommend this place enough . you will love it !	3718
0	for the money that they charge , there are so many other places you can have an amazing wedding . this wasnt even my wedding and i was dissapointed for my friend having to spend so much money and in the end waste it . the food was bland and not appetizing . the service was rude and abbrasive . the per head cost is astronomical and for the price they charge the service should be impeccable . im afraid not though . if you 're a bride or groom looking to get married soon do yourself a favour and do not have your wedding here . looks arent everything and there are better venues out there for this price !	3466
1	i wanted to say thank you to the city of phoenix police officers that were working downtown last night for the marine week exhibition at 1st & jefferson . the officers were amazing ... they took the time to allow my two year old son to sit on a police motorcycle , show him the lights , and interior on one of the police tahoes , and take pictures with my son . in spite of the incredible military equipment on display ... all my son talked about all night . ( while wearing his sticker badge ) was the hospitality of the phoenix police officers . thank you for making his night ! great experience !	2322
1	first time eating in this place . the isaw is good ! ! ! friendly waiter . the ambiance is really friendly .	817
0	its no wonder this place closed . the douche bags who i worked with that owned it , wouldnt pay their bills . no , i am not a disgruntled employee , i was a supplier . if you have to work with or for these a-holes , beware . you will get stiffed one way or another .	1529
1	superb service ! food is delivered fast , just the perfect temperature , tasty every time . i get a 2 taco combo . when i asked about healthier options , they offered to substitute sauteed or grilled veggies for rice & beans . killer queso , fajitas , and salads too . staff in the bar area are friendly and get to know you .	1558
1	we could not have been happier with the pods storage system and their customer service . they were right on time for both pickup and delivery of our unit , we were given a 3 hour window the night before . they bring the pod right up to your garage door and you wheel your belongings right into the unit . so much easier than renting a truck and unloading into a storage unit . the cost was no more than going the truck rental route but so very much easier and better . with 48 years of moving experience , we felt this was the easiest move we have ever done . we highly recommend the pod service !	2233
0	worst customer service i 've ever dealt with . creepy shop , wo n't be back . they 're also overpriced on almost all their guns .	1183
0	we love coldstone . but everyone we go to this location there are seven people in line and one person working . we would end up leaving because of the wait and also feel bad for the only employee . i do n't understand the owners reasoning for understaffing and losing our business .	3201
0	the service is really bad . 强制30 % 小费 好吧 又不缺那两块钱 你说你收就收了吧 好逮说一声吧 不说 悄悄就收了 。服务员态度差 怪我们把ktv给弄乱了 意思我们唱完歌了还得给它收拾好了才能走？ 然后那音箱那简直了 句句破音 尼玛还没我家音箱效果好呢 。唯一的优点吧 装修稍微新一点 但感觉跟国内乡下的ktv比估计还得差一个水准	1835
0	slow as hell . - this store is super slow at getting an order completed . when i went to get my bed at the warehouse they did n't have the siderails for it . how do you have the headboard and footboard but no side rails . ridiculous .	1442
1	i 'm always happy with my drinks and the staff is just amazing . this is my number one spot to have coffee at . never fails me ! thank you starbucks	2849
0	nice environment but very poor service . they closed the bar and restaurant early for unknown reasons . front desk did n't know they were doing it . sat in the bar for 15 minutes before the bartender had the 'courtesy ' to tell me he could n't serve me because they were closed . meanwhile people sitting at all the tables with drinks . forced to get room service and they do n't serve alcohol after 11 . the first hotel i 've ever been in at where you ca n't get a drink after 11 . but worst of all was the attitude and lack of coordination by the staff .	1020
1	quick , easy and priced right . would rent from them again .	3595
0	tried to use the $ 20 pedicure promo which was a good reason give them a chance . turns out that it 's a new owner and they tried to delete it and wo n't accept it but of course is still using for advertisement .	544
0	i 've been here a few times and the service has been hit or miss . some nights you get the right attention and others not so much . so far i have n't been impressed enough to go out of my way to come here instead of a pt 's closer to my house .	1520
1	i came here with a leak in my tire . charles the manager was super friendly and checked me in . he said there was a screw in my tire . he fixed it all up and when i went to pay he said there was no charge . to top it off i also saw him helping an elderly lady out to her car . i was expecting to have a hassle since it is a repair shop but instead i had a great experience . i will be coming here for all my car needs from now on .	3379
0	called in to place an order at exactly 8pm , they said it 'll be ready for pick at 9pm ... . got there at 9 , not yet ready . ok waited , 45 minutes later still no pizza then asked what going on , they said its probably being placed in a box , then she comes back saying `` oh the guy is having trouble with the oven '' . wtf ! we left . recommendation , dont go here . ( plus staff was rude )	459
1	i came here with a very complicated issue . the initial case worker , cindy , could have sent me on my way but she helped us . she got a coworker and they truly tried to fix this situation . hopefully , this will work to get the issue fixed .	2598
0	staff is rude . they need to be reminded that patients are there because of an illness or injury , a little compassion goes a long way .	121
0	boring but efficient . rooms have no style . hotel restaurant is actually 3rd party that lets you charge the meal on your room . no breakfast buffet . wifi works . centrally located . close to subway . 'nuf said .	3381
0	purely institutional chinese food , almost like the cooks at banner hospital across the street made it . uncle ben would be proud . mre chinese ! ha ha you do n't need taste buds to eat here !	1459
0	very small men 's section with very few fashionable items . coming from chicago this is really sort of dingy and small overall . understaffed , there was nobody to help out or do dressing room assistance even on a not so busy day . old feeling store with poor lighting . surely there 're better stores in the city .	3035
1	halloween stuff is out , and other party stuff as always ! good stock , nice people , know where all their stuff is . they have party things all year long , seasonal comes and goes .	1882
1	it was really fun and had great tacos ! every taco i ate became my favorite one and i could n't really choose from all of them . the couple that did stand out were a pork belly taco and this other pork taco where the restaurant was giving generous amounts of guac and salsa on the side . it was a great event that i would go to again if i am in town : )	1392
1	this location has always been good about getting me in on such short notice ! jessica is the girl that i see and she is wonderful . nobody else does my eyebrows as well . i love the concept and the packages . very reasonably priced services .	2300
0	i entered the `` line '' at 11:15pm . was the last one in line and the guy at the counter decides to help people at the `` cash out '' line while i was waiting there waiting for help while he helped everyone else . i asked politely why i was not help . all three of the associates gave a nasty attitude . all i was there for was to pick up a battery . its your job to be polite and give acknowledge your customers whos been waiting . again be polite and give acknowledgement ! ! ! ! you get paid to do your job so do it properly	424
1	the food here is fun and unique - plus yummy ! the whole family liked what we ordered . i had fried pork and yams my girls both loved the chicken and steak with rice and a soy sauce - i definitely felt like i was back in south america . i was surprised at how quite it was but as it got later , more customers strolled in . i think the restaurant must get busier as it gets later in the evening . looking for something unique but easy to get in and out ? try mi peru .	927
0	i 've had better . i think it was the lack of `` interesting '' flavors , or perhaps i was just dripping wet and in a bad mood from the heat , after a long bike adventure but nothing about the gelato was anything more than `` meh '' . now , the duck ... ..love the duck ... perhaps some duck-cranberry gelato would bring the star rating up a notch and tie it all in with the theme of the place ! just a thought .	2331
0	hands down the worst pad see ew i 've ever eaten . the spice level was out of control . first time ever eating this using egg noodles which had no flavor whatsoever , not to mention completely dry . i could not use my fork to grab anything due to the egg noodles being what seemed to be chopped to bits before shoving everything into a plastic container . the price was over the top as well . soup smelled like kitchen cleaner . wo n't go back .	50
1	first time eating at dickeys today . i had the pulled pork sandwich and it was great . plenty of lean meat and a super fresh bun . several kinds of self-serve barbecue sauce in warming pots . nice . my partner had ribs with mac and cheese and cabbage slaw sides and was very happy with quantity , freshness , and taste . we will be back !	966
0	worst customer service ever ... been buying at this location for most of our electronics and appliances and first time i experienced poor customer service ... i asked for assistance coz i want to buy a printer but the guy i approached apparently is not a printer guy.. i was hoping he would direct me to a printer guy but just told me that as soon as someone is available they will help me ... how will i know who is the printer guy , the tv guy , the computer or camera guy ... was so pissed and just left ... go to other branch if you want good customer care ...	494
1	great company good price fast service	1530
0	huge portion , but not really tasteful . not authenticated chinese food either . price is kind of high compare to other places . dinning room look horrible , the colors and the styles are all looked ugly . i will rather go somewhere else for a more authenticated chinese food .	1490
0	one of our bikes had a major hole in the tire and the tube blew out completely five miles down the canal . my partner and i had to walk back to ça roule where they admitted the bike should never have left the shop . incredibly they insisted on charging me for my my rental , as if i could have just enjoyed the rest of the ride and left my partner on the path . biking the canal , however , is a wonderful trip and i would recommend it to anyone ; however , i would use a different rental outfit .	1300
1	i like almost everything but the group fitness schedule could use some changes . many of the classes that i want to go to are in the middle of the work day and not offered other times ( unless it 's at 7 pm or something . the weekend schedule is so limited too .	3268
1	get the green beans with tofu . even if you are not a vegetarian ( i 'm not ) this dish will truly delight . the hot pots are also very delicious . i have never gone wrong with anything anything i ordered here . this restaurant would do well in san francisco , so for it to be in charlotte is a real treat .	947
0	i 'm not an expert on the restaurant business . nor do i have any formal training as a food critic . however , i imagine there are a few basics that one learns in restauranteering 101 . 1 ) your restaurant should not smell of human pee 2 ) tables should be free of greasy handprints 3 ) if you order an item that is not fish , it should not taste like fish 4 ) server should not work if they have a phlegmy-sounding cough one star for a good fortunes not my cookie . is it bad to drink hand sanitizer ?	1009
0	the gym itself is ok . it 's a gym . location is great in fairlawn . relinquishing your membership or a pain . i cancelled my membership in june or july this year , but they changed me monthly into september . i call to get my cancellation date and i was told that i just cancelled a few days ago . no friggin ' way ! ! ! watch your money with this one folks .	2063
1	went here for takeout lunch today for the first time . the food was superb . the tomato soup was absolutely delicious , i would put it on par with nordstrom cafe . my sandwich was neatly packaged with hot and cold ingredients packed separately . when i arrived after placing my order online , i wet to the to-go aisle and was promptly served . out in less than 3 minutes . i look forward to dining in and trying new dishes .	1276
1	dog friendly hotel just a few blocks off the main strip . within walking distance in comfortable shoes ( about 15 minute stroll ) . just a one time charge of $ 75 per stay for your furry friend to bunk with you . valet only parking is a nice touch . spacious rooms complete with jet tub in your bathroom and a full kitchen setup should you decide to cook while in vegas . complete with your own personal balcony , this place is the total package and a steal at around $ 150- $ 200 per night .	2973
0	thought this would be a good time but between the lines lines and more lines it 's safe to say i 'll never ever think about going to this event again ! the token system was an absolute disaster . walked about 2 miles from where we parked to wait 45mins to pay and get in than waited about 30mins plus in the line for tacos . the tacos were slop , not impressed at all . margaritas were all syrup did n't even taste any tequila at all . more or less we just blew our tokens just to get out of this lame excuse of entertainment . save your money and just make tacos at home .	1392
0	veerrrrrryyyyyyyyy dirty . i think i will buy them some clorox wipes and light bulbs for their sign out front . i made 12 u-turns trying to find this place .	2045
0	afternoon tea : i would n't go back , even on a groupon . i was unimpressed by the quantity of food : the scones are less than half the size of windsor arms ' , each sandwich was one-bite size and the quiche ! you get half of a quiche that as a whole , is no bigger than a timbit . the dessert tier was creme brulee , marcaroon and a very small chocolate mousse thing , not any of the beautiful cakes in the display case . which is odd , as this would 've been a good opportunity to showcase your best cakes to drive return business..shrug .	1217
1	i love this place ... .i see the owner tony every two weeks for my eyebrows and vicky for my nails . tony does an awesome job on my eyebrows , i have no complaints . vicky is amazing . i can bring her anything and she manages to do it . she never disappoints ! i posted a few pictures of my nails and eyebrows for you to see for yourself !	786
1	they do a god job in my pedicure just think need spend little more time on foot massage	2128
0	came here because of the seemingly good reviews but was incredibly disappointed . my nails were done by a man who was constantly on his phone , kept forgetting what i wanted , did n't do what i wanted and did a really messy job . i wo n't be returning to this guy but my try out heidi who sat next to me and seemed to do an awesome job .	686
0	cool bar but disappointed with service . my cousin ordered a drink without realizing there was honey in it , which she is allergic to . when she asked for a replacement , after one sip , they said that they would still have to charge for both drinks . no apologies and did n't even ask if she was ok .	688
1	really loved this place . i ordered two appetizers : guacamole street corn and for my meal i got two chicken tacos . the guacamole and tacos were incredible . my sister really enjoyed the street corn . my meal was $ 23 which was a great price for the size and quality of the food . will definitely return .	190
1	cassie our server did a magnificent job she was always ahead of the thing she brought food before we were ready for it she brought drinks before they were empty it was delightful the food was also very good very filling	1491
1	went out for one of the girls ' birthdays 7pm on a thursday night , there were 4 of us . waitress said we could sit anywhere then seemed annoyed that we picked the window table that she had to clean up . the food arrived from the kitchen very quickly , but that gave us almost zero time between the bread appetizer and the entree . i had the tre $ 10.50 ( tuna and veg panini includes a side salad ) which was a good portion and a brio $ 2.50 . everyone enjoyed their food ; good but nothing spectacular . the waitress came to check up on us every now and then which was nice .	728
1	sales person offered in home appt with designer in home designer offered advice that we took . i loved the service i received .	264
1	hari really took his time in helping us find what we were looking for . we got amazing deals and a few incentives . just moved to this area and i was looking for a smoke shop to come to and i think i found it	591
1	incredible tofu tacos , tommy makes everything with love and you can really taste it . guac is sooo good	1071
0	nice location overall food bleak will not try again	1299
1	i 've been seeing sarah for two years and am always happy with her work ( although i do n't think you can go wrong with any of the stylists here ) . she works wonders on blondes , which is hard to come by . after trying a few stylists in the area and coming away with color that faded/turned brassy/etc , i 'll be sticking with sarah . her appointments book up quickly , so be sure to schedule in advance .	2142
1	finally decided to try the newest bbq spot in tega cay and i was more than impressed . we went for lunch and enjoyed the outside patio seating . service was decent , but the food more than made up for any wait in service . i will definitely be back ! great job !	772
0	made an appointment with jenny for a fill got another girl who was rude and seemed angry the whole time and everything she used looked dirty . i was super disappointed after reading all the great reviews about the place . i was supposed to have my eyebrows waxed too but was afraid that the same person who did my nails would do the wax so i did n't get them done .	1429
1	i loved the service at fabulous freddy 's . it 's not a quick visit , plan for at least 20-25 minutes . you pay at a service kiosk and i got the basic interior/exterior and used the $ 3 off yelp discount when i checked in . the basic is $ 17 . you roll through and then they stop you outside for vacuuming and then detailed hand drying while you wait either outdoors or indoors . i would definitely come back !	2198
1	nothing better then a glaze donut in the morng and a nice hot coffee . this is my new morng spot . for the past three weeks i 've came here at least 4 times a week for me and the kids	3322
0	got hosed on a repair . make sure you call first and ask what the repair entails . i think these folks forget there are other people wanting your business	1946
1	great barber shop ! the lady who does my hair and beard is phenomenal . on point every time !	1058
0	great place to park . i 'm just very tired of waiting on the van . they seem to loan their vans out to other places such as local hotels . i seem to be waiting longer and longer for the van . vans from the other lots seem to run quite a bit more often . i 'm a monthly card holder and i 'm thinking of switching ( i 'm not the only one ) if it continues . waiting again 3/4 12:00p late because corporate lot was full again .	2531
0	the staff is usually old women that have a chip on their shoulders and have an attitude like they do not want to be there . they would like to be home , or smoking a fag or just bitch to each other while people are waiting to get their gas paid for . poor management , which usually reflects on poor ownership , but it is usually the cheapest gas , if you are headed top the lake , so ... ..	2786
1	my husband and i love aarons we have bought and paid for a beautiful bottom black refrigerator , beautiful black stove . we got a 70 inch tv and a lap top we are paying on now . they are great . after years of dealing with rent-a-center , its great to find aarons	3714
1	hands down the best wheel and tire shop . in town . best prices hands down . thanks edgar for the 26s . for my sequoia platinum . when no one else could find them for me . repeat customer 's there everyone i 've been there .	88
0	i wanted to like this place since their pictures looked so good but sadly , was disappointed with the popsicles : ( the pistachio one tastes nothing like pistachio and has a strange fragrance that turned me off . i could n't finish it , the popsicle was really dry and kinda crumbly .	1134
0	we 've tried them twice now and both times went away hungry , broke and disappointed . of the three things we tried ( including a blasé fish taco ) only one was good ( the poblano pepper taco ) and all their tacos are tiny but cost like $ 10 each , so we left having paid $ 48+tip ( despite the really slow service ) and had to find somewhere else to have actual dinner ! to be fair , it 's hard to judge a place when they offer almost nothing vegetarian , but that in itself is judgement-worthy , since that 's a huge deterrent to a rapidly growing segment of the population . get with the modern world , campenchano !	1469
1	tyler at cultivated lawns did an awesome job with out backyard . he installed drip , several trees and plants , and rock . we could not be happier with how things turned out . later , we had an issue with our drip valves in the front and he was quick to come out and diagnose and solve the problem . he and his team have been professional , courteous , and honest . great company , would recommend them to anyone .	2403
0	this is the 2nd time i took my dog and his ears were not cleaned . i figured the 1st time maybe it was forgotten . when dropping my pup off i specifically told them to make sure his ears were cleaned because he 's getting over an ear infection . sucks cause i 've been taking my pup here for a couple of years . now i wish they would bring darcy back his original groomer .	3433
1	i do n't usually write reviews but these guys were super friendly and helpful . mixed me some great juice and gave great input . my vape experience is a lot better : )	1747
0	it should have been better . the staff were terrific and so is the setting . unfortunately , the food did not measure up . the pizza was lacklustre , the pasta so so and the swordfish dish was embarrassing . there are many other calgary restaurants that do it better .	102
1	michael 's services were amazing . mark came out and repaired my refrigerator that went out . he was fast , friendly , professional and extremely easy to work with . i will definitely be using them again in the future . thank you again mark !	1573
1	the guy that helped us out did a quick job fixing my iphone screen . it works like new now ! he was helpful and kind . i definitely recommend this place for any fixing .	2930
0	always a long ticket line with one cashier . it 's as if they do n't know people come to saturday matinees . well at least i ca n't get the popcorn while the wife waits for the ticket . if it were not for the restaurants here i would never go here .	2450
0	i am a absolutely disgusted in the service and food . i ordered soup ( 17.00 ) and a stir fry with jasmine rice . the total was 48.98 as you will are from my photos the soup was only half portion . yup 17.00 for that .. the stir fry was as you can see from the photos was a minimal portion size . i called the restaurant and he says too bad ( owner ) there is a no money back policy .	352
1	this place just emits first class all the way ... from the beautiful courtyards , to the amazing lobby and the indigo bistro . came here for a preschool conference/seminar and it was held in one of their corporate conference rooms . it was very elaborate and roomy . perfect for the conference . we had lunch at the classy indigo bistro . our food was prepared just right and very delicious . i had the grilled chicken sandwich with lettuce and tomato . it was one of 3 items specially prepared for participants at the preschool conference . i recommend coming to this hotel for a stay or even to hold an event at .	3166
0	as an avid chipotle fan i was excited to see there was one near the hotel i was in . once there , however , i was dissapointed that this location was basically a food court . to top that off , my food tasted like it was food court quality as well which is very abnormal for chipotles . i 'm hoping it was just a bad day for that location but i was dissapointed nonetheless .	214
1	love this place ! good neck and shoulder massage too . it 's super busy though so make an appointment if you do n't want to wait . great customer service .	2297
1	this is my favorite place to get my nails done . staff is amazing and my nails always look great . hannah is my go to girl everytime and the lavender pedicure is awesome .	1834
1	this auto store has never disappointment me . i love how they have walk ins and are always available in the mornings . my radiator fans were n't working . they called me after they inspected my car before they did any work on it . they informed me that a fuse was blown and it was at no charge . they also let me know that my break pads and rotors were in bad condition . this explained another problem of why my car shook so much that no other shop was able to solve for me .	856
0	for a vegas club , this one has gone down the drain . i 've gone a few times thinking that it would get better , but never did . the first time i went it was practically all men there . other couple times i went and there was almost no one there . music was , decent , but i would not recommend anyone waste their time off the strip at this club .	3596
0	they recommended a ton of expensive and completely needless service for my car ! luckily , i sought a second opinion first . i wo n't be going back .	301
1	steve was very helpful in getting my family and i into a great townhouse . he stayed late for us to fill out an application and was prompt in responding to us . he was patient throughout our hectic move . thanks biltmore group !	3723
0	not worth the 25 min wait for a burger ! to add insult to injury they did n't get my order right	1337
1	this was our first stop on the vip pawn stars tour . we got to meet the general and he was funny . merchandise seemed high priced , but ... it 's a themed shop so that is to be expected . i enjoyed the experience and so far would recommend .	2440
0	i have never , i mean never not tipped ... . until i went to spazzi nails . went for a pedicure and the paint job looked like a 5 year old did it . i pointed out i had nail polish overflowing from my toenails onto my cuticles and skin and they looked at me like i was nuts . what happened to the customer is always right ? princess nails across the street ( in the walgreens center ) is much better .	2922
0	horrible customer service . the cashier is very rude . do n't go here . the dollar tree in gilbert its way better	3068
0	would not recommend . my belongings were damaged , i was overcharged and the owner has yet to respond to me . totally unprofessional , damaged truck and more . please contact me to learn the full extent of what they did . go anywhere else ! ! ! !	1756
0	had my bachelorette party in february & honestly was a bit disappointed . the place looks nothing like the pictures . we showed up & the place was empty ... weird to think since it was on a saturday . one of the dancers was being rude to one of my girlfriends & thought that was very unprofessional . they only had about 4 dancers the whole night so we kept seeing the same show over & over again . overall , we wo n't be going back .	5
1	not much people . service was ok . still and old style theater , sits are not comfortable . do n't know if i will be back here .	2061
0	pay attention to the negative reviews , as they are all fairly similar . if you need ryan and his crew for a single job they are fantastic . for regular service , they are completely unreliable . at first they came consistently twice a month . in the last five months i think they have been out three times . now my emails and texts are being ignored entirely . terrible way to do business !	2139
0	the food is less than mediocre ! chicken waffle ( their signature dish ) is horrible . crust is ultra thick and tasteless , chicken is tasteless , waffle is cardboard .	1043
0	every single time we go , no matter what time of day , they are out of more item . and that 's just the beginning . the food is almost always subpar . i go to the location in parma that is always good . so it 's not like i 'm choosing food i do n't like . it 's so close to home so it 's convenient but seriously . get it together . i know panera can do well , i love their food . this location is just garbage .	867
1	i have been going to this nail salon for 8 months now . i only go to ahn - she is so great ! never once has she hurt me while cutting my cuticles . i always get gel manicure & pedicure & she does a fantastic job ! ! all tools are clean & sterilized and salon is pleasant to be in .	2390
1	after researching for a good asian market this is treasure cheap , clean , big and great stuff deni is the man	2670
1	came here before leaving vegas ... with knots and tight all over ! got tila and she worked my knots out like no other ! next time i 'm back in vegas i 'll definitely be coming back ! ! thanks tila !	2399
1	i 'm very picky about my carnitas street tacos , and these are some of the best i 've had in a long time .	857
0	only thing they care in this practice is your insurance card i was seen by two doctors two different diagnosis pathology report says nothing wrong i just ca n't believe it nobody even return my phone calls only thing they care money insurance card that 's it i will never recommend this place to anyone	2099
1	went to the henna shoppe for the first time today , and i had an amazing experience . sima did our henna , she was very kind and did an amazing job ! i will defiantly go back .	1364
1	excellent service and delicious food - they are very willing to accommodate dietary restrictions . went with a group and everyone was really pleased with their meal . gorgeous desserts .	1079
1	i have known michael demayo for years now and he runs a top notch personal injury law firm . he has helped me with several legal issues i have had over the years and i highly recommend them .	2261
0	food was super delicious , but is the taste worth a burning sphincter ? i have the muscle control of an 80 year old right now because i 've had the runs for the past 4 hours . my girlfriend got it too , i had to hear her poop for the first time . never have i ever fought anyone for a bathroom so badly . # foodpoisoning	895
1	my son loves it here . my husband has an educator membership so my son has been coming here since before he was 2 and always has a blast . he is almost 3 now and has specifically asked to go to the science center many times . the center was having a membership deal , so the decision to buy a membership for myself and my son who is no longer free at 3 , was a no brainer . there is so much to do here for us all to be entertained and i highly recommend visiting . keep in mind , things like the planetorium and 3d films cost extra , but there is more than plenty to do with just general admission .	3891
1	i stopped in for a snack this afternoon . i 've been hearing about this place for sometime and i really wanted to check it out . i had the specialty of the house which is the tacos chiwas and the pastor . pastor had great flavor in the marinade , just hoped for a bit more tender . the chiwas had asada , ham , hatch chilies , cheese ... inhaled both . salsa verde and rojo were both on point ! i an see coming back with an appetite and crushing 10 or 15 of these . super yummy !	270
0	the menu is way over priced . the wings were dry as a bone , overcooked , and lukewarm when received . time from ordering to eating was too long . do n't waste your time or money . there are better places to go for wings .	503
0	just left this place shocked with the awful costumer service given by this african american sales lady that greeted my husband and i by saying sorry we are closing in a such rude way . the hours for the place says 6pm and we opened their door 5:39 . we said it is n't 6 clock yet but the energy turned us down . there was this another sales person , really nice guy that actually tried to help us , but our interested was n't there anymore.. we are quick shoppers , we needed a table , we want to choose one and cash out , but did not feel welcomed .	3872
0	at my visit , first thing to get my attention is the bright lighting , feels clean . the decor feels a bit chinese theme yet contemporary . the tea pot and cup are cute.but the food are pretty normal and even worst than average.end up 108+tax for a guy and two lady which is super pricey for this kind of food quality .	943
1	moinsen gutes hotel in zentraler lage . koreatown fussläufig 10min . airport-hotel 15min mit dem taxi	1690
0	stay anywhere but the worldmark ... with crooks like julio gallegos roaming the halls , this place is not a place you want to stay . go to the strip ... worldmark is a dump .	1057
1	called to get some work down with a new kitchen and they promptly scheduled someone for the next morning . hubert was the plumbing technician and was a very nice guy and did an exceptional job . i would definitely recommend this company and of course hubert . thanks !	1473
0	took them an hour to do a gel mani ( website states 35min ) . i was unable to get a pedicure done because they had to take the 10 am appointment but i had scheduled at 930 . not only that but the manicure had alot of flaws . extremely disappointed with this place .	2097
1	this is our favourite second cup location . the owners are always there , so service is quick . they are n't the friendliest people ever , but they always say hello and ask how we 're doing . quality of food and drinks is amazing , as always . the chocolate hazelnut tart is a nice size for the price , and worth every cent . i love the super caramel crunch cake the most , though , as a self-confessed caramel addict . also , the caramel corretto is my favourite coffee drink . everything is great here !	1793
1	i and . my friend alway come here to get manicures shellac staff very professional always do very good job we very happy	1866
1	i attended an event at this restaurant . i was a little early , so i grabbed a salad while waiting . they have a reloadable wine card you can purchase . tip : if you 're an avid wine drinker , $ 20 and if you are not , $ 10 . i also ate the chicken alfredo cone ( half ) , it was a little bland but nothing salt could n't fix . we were told that they have specials during the week . i would frequent this establishment again in the near feature .	712
0	food average , processed . bartenders terrible security awful all around bad experience would not recommend to no one now there cooking off a food trailer and taking it inside the worst by far	913
1	i love to have treatment at laser away here . both my mom and i had hair removal here . i love the service . and the girls here are cute ! recently we just have the vela shape and thermage treatment . see the results very quickly . after the first treatment of vela , her belly has significant difference ! sure will come again .	582
1	ok , most of these stars simply go to the fact that these guys took a theme and ran with it . ran like a tiger beast ! and while kitchy/quirky/weird usually does n't get me going , my time has been pretty enjoyable . i dig the vibe . i do n't dig that it 's cash only and there 's no atm machine , and the closest is across the street , but other than that , it 's a fun place to meet someone for happy hour , though i ca n't imagine ending my night here or staying more than an hour or so .	1858
1	i loved this place ! it is one of the best outdoor shopping experiences in scottsdale , arizona . they have many good stores from anthropologie , to bebe to barnes & noble . they also have nice restaurants ranging from fancy to cafe style . i really enjoyed this place and hope to be coming back soon !	387
1	always come here for bowling . service is amazing . theirs a bar close by and $ 1 bowling after midnight .	2867
1	quick and friendly service . i needed a passport photo taken and was served right away . by the time i finished paying , the photos were already printed and put in their little envelope . in and out in less than 5 minutes . would definitely visit again , perhaps for one of their many photo-printed items like iphone cases , mugs and coasters .	2753
0	i made an appointment for en elderly client of mine and when we got there , they claimed to not have any record of the appointment . the gal who was supposed to do her pedicure was unavailable and they did n't take into consideration that my client is elderly with limited mobility . i asked when her toes would be dry because i could n't safely transfer her from the chair she was in with the slippers they put on her and all the lady kept saying to me was that she needed to wear the slippers or her nails would get ruined ... .this place frustrates me .	3425
0	i know they just opened but with two people taking our drive thru order it should 've been right , right ? nope . both three piece meal boxes were marked as `` 3 '' but both only had two tenders ... that were pretty small . we did n't discover it until we got home , hungry from the long wait . the tenders were eh , the bleu cheese and hungry mustard dressings were good . # gocanes	998
1	salon 8 is always a wonderful atmosphere , on time , and professional..thank you for all the talent you bring to the area !	300
0	no welcoming stuff . do not have proper menu . placing order like i am at the food court , but charge premium price with bad service . regardless of the food quality , i would never go back .	1217
1	always provided good service and the prices are reasonable . not cheap , but quality work at a reasonable dealer price . just avoid silly things like wiper blade changes which are a little pricey and you can do yourself .	3788
0	their exchange deals kinda suck . i could 've gotten more money for my items if i sold them on ebay .	2115
0	new owners ? something has changed . not for the better . somehow now it 's all you can eat lunches of bland over cooked food sorry but this is not worth it anymore	640
0	i was there to see dixie swim club , the play was fun the actors were very good . the food was horrible ! !	2898
0	i went to see dr . miner for contact lenses . he told me up front that my prescription type was hard to fit for contact lenses . his office staff is great and were patient to give me different types of contacts to try . i was told i needed to see dr . miner again . apparently he did n't think there were any other options to try as he abruptly asked me to choose from the ones i already tried and talked down to me explaining that they would not be `` perfect . '' as none of the ones i tried cleared up my vision , i will not be going back .	1018
1	eh it 's allegiant . can you really leave a bad guy wives when you 're getting a great deal on tickets ? i do n't think so . i love that their flights are cheap most the time and the he only flights that are direct . i once found tickets to la for $ 19.99 both ways . keep it up with the good deals allegiant .	3127
1	best bialys in town - authentic and delicious ! love the mini onion bialys and my grandchildren love the plain .	325
0	they rip you off when hey run the credit card . they charged me 20 % more than what they should have . it was later when i saw the rates card that i realized how they ripped me off . naan and curry was okay ... i wont even give 3/10 for the food quality . do not recommend . waste of time and not trustworthy .	1303
1	great food , great service , and the price is not over inflated like some of the other new chicken places .	862
1	i have everything through these people ! my cars , car insurance , homeowners insurance , personal loan , and credit cards . their customer service is by far the best ! currently even looking into refinancing my house through them as well . i ca n't imagine having all that stuff at a bunch of different companies and trying to keep track of it all . all i do is open the app and i can see all my accounts and pay bills . absolutely love this company and it 's high standard of customer service ! thank you to all that serve this great country !	3429
1	love there bagels & sammy 's . not a fan of the coffee but everything else is yummy . staff is always pleasant	3372
1	from out of town and was looking for a gym near my hotel . marriott highly recommend mountainside fitness . great friendly staff . jarod was extremely welcoming . really glad we came . thank you jarod ! ! !	2699
1	regal at texas station is the best theatre in town . they have such friendly staff who are always greeting us with a smile . their manager jeff is such a pleasant person who always makes sure to greet me and my husband when we come during the senior show times . he makes us feel so welcome along with the rest of his staff . it 's an older theatre , but we 're old so we like it old lol ! always clean and well maintained . we wo n't go anywhere else .	3947
1	nom tasty for me and you , great quality , huge selection , all you can eat option for $ 20 daytime .	515
1	i liked this place a lot . it was my first time getting a bikini wax so i was really nervous . i told the woman who was with me and she was so nice about it . she explained what she was going to do before hand and while she was waxing . it was calming for me . i also got my legs waxed , which was okay . i 've had better , but it was still good . i did have some hairs lefts but i did n't get really red ( which i always do ) . if you want to go to a place that you know is good . go here .	228
1	great pub near our hotel . amazing staff , thanks to janelle and nyul for a great time . good drinks , casual pub with lots of tvs really tasty burger ( pretty big too ) and tater tots . next time we are in pittsburgh , we will come back !	2532
1	if that is true , i will happily amend my review , with the caveat that it still applies to the laundromat i actually visited , which apparently is across the street from yours . so my apologies are in order , along with a hat-tip to you for bringing this to my attention . next time i need to go to a laundromat , i will make it a point to visit yours .	2638
0	the management does not seek professional services when dealing with maintenance issues to keep operating costs low . this has caused a health issue with flooded carpet and pad in the unit . totally mishandled . staff seems to have difficulty keeping you updated on what is going on with maintenance issues . every place has issues i understand but this frequently is a bit rediculous	3666
0	i 've had many , many massages in my life and i have to say that this one was probably one of the weakest , lamest ones i 've had . it was not even worth the $ 39 introductory rate . the therapist did n't seem to care about my wants or needs . the pressure was way too light and she did n't apply any more pressure after i asked her to . it was also supposed to be a full body massage but it was more like a three-quarter massage . i have chronic tightness and knots in my upper back -- did n't feel any better afterwards . guess you get what you pay for .	1950
1	fantastic friendly and knowledgeable customer service they go above and beyond and i really appreciate that i have found my music store in chandler	3886
1	this walgreens is large and fully stocked . you can find anything would expect out of a walgreens . the employees are incredibly nice and there is a drive thru pharmacy . this location is in desperate need of a remodel ! it almost feels sad inside with how outdated it is and the old stained floors . other than that it 's great .	3411
0	our service experience was as bad as i have ever received . they are over booked and only completed one of three items that needed done . the service tech was more excited about telling how superior they were to our previous provider , gaudin . he is delusional . when i received my car back it was dirty and had a bad smell that lasted two days . we had to go on a road trip , so we just endured it . we will travel to phoenix or la for future service .	2659
0	i requested a consult which requires supplying personal information . no big deal . until you cancel your appointment and the harassment begins . i have cancelled my appointment several times-email and telephone . they continue to blow up my email and text . each time i received a text or email i again cancelled my appointment . i do not recommend giving any information to this company unless you are absolutely sure you wish to see it through . i have not seen or spoken to a doctor . after this ordeal i will not reschedule .	2312
1	today was my first time eating at served . i had the pleasure to meet the chef/owner . chef matthew is doing some crazy good things with this inventive menu ! i had the roasted pork belly bahn mi and it was one of the best i 've had . besides the sandwiches you can find some really interesting and creative takes on familiar items such as oaxacan braised short rib . this spot is worth your time ! ! !	57
0	many disappointed fans when barry manilow complains of bronchitis after being on stage for 15 min and walks off . most people thought it was a joke at first until the curtain came down and people were instructed how to get ticket refund .	570
0	i have had my glasses for about 2 years . i have had to replace my lenses 3 times due to weird round like cracks . they look more like some film is coming off . i had to beg them to replace them the last time . now it 's doing it again . they said there is no film on them . now they wo n't replace them again and i 'm stuck with them and broke . very frustrated ! ! !	1635
1	this place reminds me of being in mexico a little bit.. food good , has flavor . service is good ... they have a really good dj ... i 've tried the other place down the street that valley luna and this place by far blows it away	704
1	such a beautiful spa . the massage was amazing . i love all the amenities . i will definitely be back .	2305
1	i actually like this macy 's although i have n't been there in awhile . it 's not as large as some and ca n't offer as many selections , but they always seem to have what i want . a very pleasant woman named janice checked me out . she was quick and efficient and even smiled . since i was here before they have moved the checkout stations to the exits . it makes more sense as the checkouts sort of seemed more hidden before .	3035
1	the sales staff are knowledgeable , eager to assist but not in a boisterous way and even guided me to other options for my purchases ! always grateful for you guys ! ! !	3861
0	terrible service , the guy was on the phone the entire time we were there . did not assist us in any way . and charged $ 0.50 for the little cap to try on wigs . will never go in that store again .	1873
1	i have shopped here and the past and the prices are competitive but not always the lowest . what is really good are the employees , especially todd ( tj ) . he is knowledgeable and friendly and helps you to find what you best suits you and not pressure you into buying the most expensive product . i highly recommend you ask for tj when you are at the henderson store . he treats you right and will make you feel like a friend . if you want quality and service , this is the place to go .	439
0	should not get any stars , but pages make rater give one . company does not know what customer service is and has no follow up on work orders . had issues with rent payments , repairs , and just getting anyone to respond to property issues like pulling teeth .	3536
0	although my college days are long gone , i like mill avenue and end up here from time to time . this is probably my least favorite bar on mill . it feels like a huge frat house basement . on weekend nights it 's so crowded that just making it from the door to the pool room or vice versa without getting spilled on , stepped on , or completely separated from your group feels like a major accomplishment . if you do have to come here , check out the crazy loud but amazingly powerful hand dryers in the bathroom . also some people rave about their cheap and toxic long islands .	1966
1	decent spot . was in town for a meeting and had some hot wings that were pretty good . the beer selection was great as well . they have quite a bit so a good beer menu would be nice . the waitress was really attentive and she had a ton of customers so she did really well . i would definitely head back .	201
1	a jewel of phoenix with a vast selection of books , magazines , games and more . every book i 've bought has been around $ 5 and in perfect condition , and they 're well known and popular books like pretty little liars . if they do n't have it , come back , they just might in the future .	3504
0	what happened to pearle ? ? wanted me to sign a form that allowed them to charge me up to $ 75 extra for fitting my contact lenses . when did this become an extra service and fee ? i told them i 've been wearing contacts for 30 years ... just give them to me and i 'll put them in my eyes ... they are always fine . i told them i would order on-line and still i would have to pay the fee . i have trusted pearle for years in many states , but no more . instead of having my eyes examined ... now , i 'm writing this review .	2277
1	my warranty company , landmark home warranty assigned this company for my oven repair . joey called before he came , was on time & was very professional in his services .	118
1	awesome piano bar with such a lively and comfortable atmosphere ! i think they need more cheaper drink options , but it 's a very unique and fun experience !	1176
0	not really my favorite sub shop . it 's extremely plain . i mean , there 's like literally no flavor . not sure why everyone thinks this place is so great . at least they 're quick . your food is ready by the time you 're done ordering . oh and good luck getting delivery . i hope you live next door , because that 's as far as they deliver ! seriously , i live 1.5 miles away , and they do n't deliver .	1475
1	great place to get drinks and hang w/o dealing with the clubby schtick . great vibe , good bartenders , excellent playlist by the dj . can do table service and there are 5-6 blackjack tables as well . overall a great place .	456
0	tried the stir fry crispy beef and the spicy island chicken . the beef reminds of peking beef drenched in sweet spicy sauce . the chicken tastes horrible , dry and flavorless . i would n't even call this real chinese food	474
1	i had a delivery today , of a fantastic black super comfy recliner - the delivery men/driver , one of which was named randy had outstanding customer service ! ! they helped me move the old recliner out of the room and replace it with the new recliner . very nice guys , would gladly do business with them again . thank you for my amazing new recliner ! cant wait to break it in !	3854
1	i got a ton of bids for our store 's parking lot . these guys were not the cheapest ( close ) but they were easy to deal with and inspired confidence . our job was delayed a week because of rain , but it was rescheduled and done perfectly . very happy . they will always get my paving business from now on !	1850
0	i used to love this store but lately it 's gone downhill . i see they are nickel and diming all the customers and the employees . today i was overcharged for an item on sale and the manager with the lazy eye was too ( maybe dumb ) to figure out how to take care of it . meanwhile i overhear her telling an employee to charge a man for helium for a very expensive balloon that he purchased there . if is you 're new business tactic safeway i 'm afraid i 'll have to take my business elsewhere . ps shame on you for charging your cart collectors for water cups . simply deplorable	2316
0	we purchased a firm mattress . have slept on it for four months or less . it is now not even medium firm . it was not a cheap mattress ; far from it . we called the store and asked to speak to the manager . was put on hold for 10 minutes or more . they finally came back on the line and asked for our name and number and promised a return call . we have never received that call . terrible customer service and even worse quality products. ! ! do not use this store	1442
0	pros : cheap prices . plenty of parking . close to my home . cons : the 1/2 the items i wanted were n't in stock ( jolly time popcorn , danactive , and olay regenerest lotion ) came by last night ( saturday ) and lines were 5-6 carts deep . could n't put off my errands anymore so came back the next night . i 've been in line for 22 minutes with 3 more customers still to go before it 's my turn . sigh .	3810
1	great haircut from becky today ! she was very polite and professional ! she asked specific questions to make sure she knew exactly what i wanted .	2299
0	me and my girlfriend went there yesterday we had fish and chips food was excellent the service was good but the problem was when i check my bank statement they charge more than what the slip was i did call back the restaurant give my name to the girl and waited for the manager to call me no response yet .	1434
0	customer service departments `` karen `` always very rude when i come in , makes customer feel as if they are a bother when she should be happy she has a job and do it with a smile	3066
1	what a gorgeous shop ! ! vida moulin is a gem . the goods for sale are beautifully curated , the atmosphere is warm and inviting and chantell is as kind as she is stylish . she has a 'succulent bar ' set up where you can choose from a sweet assortment of pots , choose a baby succulent and have it potted right there in the shop . i left with a perfect gift for my mom and a few candles for myself . i will be back every time i 'm in town !	1611
1	always a good time at this place ! you ca n't beat the live music , great drinks and over all good energy ! the fishbowl is a must when you get there , it 's by far the best bang for your bucket ! i would recommend this place to any and everyone !	1176
1	great nail salon ! awesome people work here and do great work ! very friendly and inviting . i have been a loyal customer for 4 years now and ca n't see myself going anywhere else !	1637
0	save yourself some time and do n't go here unless you already know the name of the wig you want . they are extremely unfriendly and do n't care about receiving your business . plus they only let you try on 3 wigs for 1 $ and that 's it .	2826
0	i strongly suggest to stay away from all sin city vapors , i have gotten mouth sores , bleeding gums , from there e-liquid , some might say i do not know what im talking about but i have researched and experienced myself , once i stopped vapping there juice everything cleared up , ( if you use crappy ingredients , you get crappy results ) check your juice , before you get real sick , vape on ! ! ! !	2715
0	stores in the mall are great - no complaints . the restaurants outside like pf chang 's etc are great to ! however the restrooms in the mall are really dirty and not maintained . one of the restaurants greek salad is unhygienic - hair on food , rice was stale . i did n't complain to him because i am not sure if that would be helpful .	2511
1	great place ... .. good customer service and quick turnaround on the dry cleaning ! !	3032
1	yeah , this is what i am talking about - old school vegas . convenient to the fremont street experience . i lost my parking ticket and the nice lady parking attendant let me slide . so , extra star .	2500
0	not worth one star ! ! ! i have a medical condition that does not allow me to eat fried foods . ordered the grilled chicken nuggets . drove 15 minutes back to work with almost no lunch time left and found that the idiots gave me deep fried chicken nuggets . my fault for having to double check people who want $ 15 per hour . now no lunch for me .	572
0	maybe it 's due to summer but i am less than satisfied with my lunch meal i just consumed - speed of service was too fast for fresh korean chicken and it was rather tough and chewy , even the crispy coating fell off and the taste was only so-so . the big roll sushi pieces have shrunk in size ( one bite size instead of two previously ) and to top it all off as each dish was delivered there was no exchange or communication whatsoever . just bang the plate down on the table and then they take off - not likely to return to this location again as i do n't feel they care about their patrons !	912
0	worst service ever in my life . the bubble gum smoothie does not mention that it contains disgusting bubble gum syrup , and additionally the employee was unnecessarily rude and confused about who is the customer .	1484
1	started shopping here 4 years ago when my mom lived in arizona and i have shopped here ever since online ! ! every time i wear their clothes i get compliments . since i live in california this place is my hidden gem !	3437
0	this was the worst experience that i have ever had . when i first ordered my ticket , the guy working in the box office was extremely rude and spoke to me like i was retarded . i did not appreciate that . also , i decided to purchase 1 hot dog and 1 medium drink at the concession stand , the lady that helped me there acted as if i was interrupting her while she was doing something . i will not be back to harkins theaters . i will go to amc theaters instead . at least they care about their customers ! and they have really nice leather comfortable chairs . you just lost a loyal customer , way to go ! !	1240
0	they lack of good customer service.. not every employee only some . if you come here often you'all know it .	2950
1	just tried this place because it 's new and wow ! unbelievably good . just wow ! the spring rolls are huge and taste great ! i had the triple delight- all 3 meats ( chicken , beef and shrimp ) were perfectly cooked . just a great surprise . definitely recommend this !	1124
1	we were in town for a softball tournament and had a flat tire . got it pimped up at the field and drove to the tire shop and they were very helpful . one tire and valve stem replaced ... . out the door in 25 minutes and only cost & 60.00 great service and very friendly ! ! ! ! ! !	2846
1	reasonably priced as they do add a nice amount of their chicken . i grabbed the mini kookoo combo and it comes with veggies ( broccoli in mine ) a little tofu and rice plus a drink . their chicken is delicious and i also love their lemonade ! i would like to see the price go down just a little bit . a hidden gem !	566
0	wow . never ever again . they told me i needed 4 new tires , power steering flush , and rear brakes replaced . i had a free oil change so i had a feeling they would tell me i needed to get work done , but this much ? i got a second opinion and my car is in tip top shape ! for example , my tires will last me another 15k miles ! they probably just wanted to sell them cheaper . was told they could sell them for at least 30 bucks a tire and wanted to charge me $ 650+ for new ones . no thanks !	3405
1	came here our first night in charlotte , was right across the street from our hotel so it was super convenient . me and my wife split a chicken parm hero and a meatball parm hero , we got some garlic knots and some wings . everything was made to order so it was fresh and hot and really good . the wings were good and spicy but not crazy hot . we 've eaten a few other places since we 've been here and this place was my favorite . would definitely go back when we com back here	902
0	this starbucks was my jam up until today . when i asked for a dash of cinnamon , i 'm not sure how that translated into 3 tablespoons . my chai tea latte was disgusting today and this usually happens once i become a regular . it 's like the barista knows your drink because you order it everyday so they just want to f*ck it up because they 're having a bad day or just for fun . oh and there was a little cat hair on my cup once i opened the lid . thanks for the surprise ! ugh i do n't know . dear starbucks gods , is lifelong consistency from one location too much to ask ?	2242
0	horrible service , stay away . we got our wedding album after 15 months from the wedding when we were told 2-3 weeks . they take forever to get back to you , and their communication skills are the worst . very frustrating and inconsiderate to the people that give them business . giving us lame excuses every time we talk to them . 15 freakin months for a photo/ video album and nothing at all like what was promised in terms of quality . enough said	1852
1	recently i had to have surgery on both ulnas , shortening them and fusing the bones back together with metal plates . dr song did an amazing job on both surgeries within 6 months of each other . healing has gone perfect and all of the pain i had from before the surgeries is completely gone . i was originally hesitant to have them performed , unsure if the end result would be worth the procedure based on results read from the web by others afflicted with the same condition across the us . now i have full use of both wrists . plates had to be inserted within a 4 inch incision , the cuts are strait and healing with minimal scarring .	2176
1	service : 4 stars . the bartenders actually made sure you had a beverage & the wait was n't too bad . food : motz sticks - 2.5 stars ( skinny and long with not a lot of cheese ) lame ruben bites - 4 stars - pretty tasty waffle fries 5 stars - get the cheese sauce on the side . over all 3.5 stars out of 5 . not a bad neighborhood bar . clean bathrooms . nice patio .	1200
1	new in town . had first appointment and really liked dr. wolfson . he took my husband and i together . good bedside manner . i have lots of medical problems so he is dealing with them as needed . easy to talk to .	3321
0	worst cold stone over er been too . not only did i get blatantly skipped 3 times , once even after o mentioned it , but i asked for something that i know every cold stone has and i get a blank stare . rudest customer service i 've ever experienced .	1523
0	service was fine and staff was good but oh my gosh was my food the opposite i ordered the meatloaf and got a hockey puck . burned on the outside and i 'm at a loss they actually served	1029
1	all i can say is god bless the men in this store . they turned a horrible day into a blessing . i got a nail in my tire on my way home from work and they were able to fit me in last minute to fix it . they were the epitome of well mannered- world class service , all around nice , friendly people . i 'll be forever in their debt for helping me that day and i highly recommend this location for your tire issues ! thanks guys ! !	3405
0	i got home one day and one of their menus was at the door . ordered and here 's my experience : the lady who answers the phone is not very well-versed in customer service . english is obviously not her first language and the way she responds when she does n't understand you just comes off rude . the pizza was undercooked , the wings were greasy w/no seasoning , the fries that came with them were cold and rubbery . the breaded mushrooms were ok although too much breading .	987
1	arizona flyer services have consistently provided great service ! my team has used them numerous times over the last year and could n't be happier ! ! tom and his crew always do what they say they are going to do and help us out when we need something distributed on short notice ! we could n't be happier !	3801
0	loved the original renegade , but guess i will write this new version off . seafood in a bag was average , at best . our guest was offended by our edgy waiter ( gauges in the ears , tats ) .	1294
1	dr. keeney is the best vet we have ever had . her communication skills are great and she explains things in a way that you can understand . she is very proactive with our dog 's current and future health . when it comes to my pets only dr. keeney will see our pets . i highly recommend ! ! !	1700
1	i come here on a regular basis to get eyelash extensions . lisa does an amazing job ( i 'll get non stop compliments for weeks on them ) and it 's relatively cheap ( $ 70 ) . the place is clean and for the most part everyone there is extraordinarily nice .	2213
0	do n't worry cesar i 'll go ahead and upload the receipts from your amazing work ! now that we are 3000 dollars into a transmission job.. proof coming tomorrow morning..	1069
1	loved it ! really felt like one gets their money 's worth . the second half was so cool when they went crazy with the lights and pyro .	2968
0	paid $ 20 for a car wash that includes no interior service . they did n't even get the bugs off my windshield . would n't go there and waste my money again ! ! edit : the business leaves me a message to contact them via email . i did and never received a response ... classy crappy customer service to go along with their crappy car wash .	2198
1	so bought the tickets on the strip , found out if you call them and pay in cash is a few dollar cheaper . they have a store where you can buy t-shirts or souvenirs for them to sign . you do n't have to . but it 's nice and you get to take picture with them . we got to meet wayde , the general and brett . but overall the tour is fun . got too see some drawing for he next episode . that was very cool . went behind the scene where you make the aquarium . the tour takes about an hour .	2440
1	just got my iphone 6 's cracked screen replaced . it was $ 110 dollars and took 45 minutes . wonderful service and my screen looks brand new !	3560
0	where else can you get the pretentious attitudes of scottsdale right in the heart of downtown tempe ? avoid this place unless you 're a hipster , toolbox or have to pay for your friends .	1966
0	not customer friendly ... very unprofessional employees . they spend more time walking around and talking to each other than actually taking care of the customers	3004
0	purchases can not be paid for with an american express card . i took my business to amazon and ebay .	932
1	came here on a vegas trip with my co-workers . our director recommended the mac king show , and we were n't so sure about a comedy magic show at first . but , we actually had a really great time ! mac worked with the audience volunteers really well , and the improvisations were the best . this experience was so much more entertaining that i thought it was going to be . i 'd definitely recommend for families ! although , be aware that there is a lot of adult content ... not too graphic , but not for the conservative taste : )	1270
0	i 'm disappointed from the outcome of the hair dye that i received . i got my hair dyed black recently and you would think that it would be easy to do but i was very annoyed that the black hair dye seemed to have hardened on my scalp and i had to keep trying to remove it for 2 weeks , this has never happened to me before . also it was n't that long ago that i had it done and the colour is already fading . not too impressed ...	1472
0	i expected a lot more from this hotel . i do understand they had a bad computer glitch but that does n't mean the room had to be dirty or the staff rude . this was not worth the hype and i should of read yelp first before i booked it !	3337
0	went here last week for donuts and had to wait for it to open at 10 . wanted to buy several donuts but they only had five . what ? ? a bakery with no donuts in the morning . sorry	3135
1	great neighborhood brewery with friendly staff and owners . i work in the same building and have never had anything but an awesome experience .	2727
0	should have read the reviews ! ! ! shaking my head . will never go there again . 70 bucks for a shitty job and a pair of wireless headphones stolen . also , they never put in a freshner that i paid for .	3250
1	i used this company to move and they were really great . they did a great job packing and moving my things . i 've used other movers before and my things were damaged but these movers were very very good . they put everything back together and they were super nice ! i highly recommend them !	112
1	mike and george from sears carpet cleaning were great ! they showed up on time , finished within an hour , and made the appearance of the carpet look better than i was anticipating . i would definitely have these guys back .	3777
0	very snotty service at the gun department . why make us pick a number and wait if ur gona ask people if they need help out of order ? ! and if ur gona buy a gun here dont bother way over priced found a local gun shop 150 $ cheaper at wild west guns in las vegas , plus bass pro shop does not price match . snotty attitude male worker hope no one runs into him .	2601
0	negative 5 star ... store # 313 ( underwear store in the premium outlet ) . worst service and they forgot to apply 20 % discount . for an over priced underwear . most of the time you can find the same product at ross and marshalls . dont pay for their over price crap . there were three associates working and none helped until i had to call their attention . they were having a great time having inappropriate conversations while at work . now i called saying they forgot to apply the discount and now i have to go in the store so they can give me money they owe me.. store manager is fred- ill be talking to him in the next couple days..	1655
0	not happy that i can not speak with anyone when i call . they do not call back promptly to setup appointments and follow ups . been trying to get in all week for a med check . offices can be hard to find and i have never spoken with someone in reception when i 've called . we called 3 times yesterday and once today and still have n't been called back .	1541
1	this place costed me loads of money but my dog is doing amazing so it 's all worth it . she was diagnosed with stage 5 lymphoma summer of 2010 and now , march 2011 , she is in remission and doing great ( fingers crossed ) . last summer she was doing so poorly i did n't think she 'd survive the weekend and now she 's running around the park and enjoying life .	345
0	went here to get my nails did with my bff . her esthetician was late and she did n't get the full deal that she paid for . mine did an okay job of my nails but she walked away and forgot about giving me a top coat ! she left me dangling my nails in front of a fan for 15 minutes . they advertise that they offer coffee , lattes , etc . we were offered water . when we left we felt irritated rather than pampered . i would n't return . it was o.k . there , but just okay .	1268
0	my wife had our dog euthanized today at this clinic . total cost $ 618.40 . toronto animal services you can have it done for $ 35.00 . my wife was under great stress at the time . i think it 's highway robbery to charge that and adds greatly to the stress . not pleased at all .	345
0	more of a retail operation than a medical practice . she 's pleasant , but if you 're looking for a great dermatologist , that 's not her . the practice really is about which products and procedures she can sell you . the waiting room reminds one of the cosmetic counters at a retail store .	2430
1	affordable and delicious bubble tea ! ! i was so happy to have finally found a milk tea restaurant in town that i actually enjoy . the milk tea has plenty of boba and was very milky and sweet . i loved it ! the inside of boba tea house is also pretty nice . it is not over crowded with tables and couches like some other boba restaurants . it is a very comfortable place to come to hangout and kill an hour of your time . the employees all seemed super nice and were very prompt to greet us upon our arrival . the service was also very speedy . i will for sure be back the next time i find myself in chandler .	490
0	the food is amazing but service is terrible . our waitress never check on us but kept yelling across our table asking those next to us how they were doing . not very pleased with the service	1248
1	as far as dunkin donut locations go , this one is n't bad however due to the sugar-free caramel taste i took off a star . it tastes like melted plastic . i only get sugar-free syrup and so far the vanilla is the only inoffensive one . too bad because i love caramel and other places have good sugar-free caramel . every once and a while i try the caramel just to see if they figured it out .	1131
1	made an appointment for next day , it was easy and they were accommodating . waited for the oil change and it only took about 30 minutes . fast and friendly .	2212
1	i lived at this apartment complex for over 2 years and really enjoyed staying here . great neighbors and well maintained parking lot and common areas were two things that i enjoyed the most . if i was n't moving to a different state , i would 've stayed even longer . also , move-out process was fair and reasonable ( e.g . they did n't nickle and dime ) .	1908
1	extremely friendly staff ! super clean store ! gas is expensive but they ca n't really control that . grab a sandwich from the deli are good . nothing but kudos to this location , i would actually drive out of my way for the service .	3771
1	i had a great experience here ! james was so kind . they were also able to diagnose my car and fix it all in the same day . there were n't any pushes to fix anything i was uncomfortable with , and their service was prompt . it 's super cool to have mechanics you can trust .	1895
0	omg worst phone service ever . planning a party for my little girl and wanted to cater food . lady that answers wo n't tell me how much a party platter cost , tells me she is busy , and hangs up on me . i call back to speak to a manager and she hangs up on me again . i hope the manager reads this message bc that was just simply terrible service .	1103
0	you 're gon na have to wait awhile , like 30mins before your spoken to by any employee there .	2161
1	great location lots of stock to choose from convenient to stop on my way home and right now they are giving out 10 % off fliers been a few times now and really like this store	2456
1	we have been going to this dentist for almost 3 years and just recently had the best , quickest & smoothest appointment ever ! over christmas break i had all 3 of my children in for thier 6 month cleaning . we were taken to the back on time ! there happen to be 3 clinicians that day that worked so well together with the cleanings and xrays . lastly , the dentist was courteous and thorough ! best of all we were cavity free ! i 'm not sure if there have been recent staff changes , but thank you . my kids were happy too !	1021
1	unfortunately , last week i suddenly began to lose vision in my left eye . trust me , you never want to deal with that situation . so , of course , i was desperate to be seen by the eye doctor , and when i arrived at nationwide i could n't even read the form they want you to fill out . well . the guys over there at nationwide vision were amazing . they took superb care of me . they were nothing short of tremendous from start to finish and now i can see again . thanks so much for the great care .	1345
0	i just took the class today . it was the longest 5.5 hours of my life . the instructor scott was more concerned about making gender discriminatory jokes than teaching . he told more than enough stories about himself and his personal life than anyone wanted to here . he had the testosterone level of a teenage boy and he made it very clear by throwing out inappropriate jokes every other minute . if you 're at all interested in just learning the pertinent material and not being bombarded by religious puns , scientific theories and sexual innuendos i would suggest you pick a different instructor and possibly a different facility all together .	2315
1	jason was just here to fix a sprinkler issue . he arrived within 15 minutes of me talking to him on the phone . he was professional and friendly . he took care of the problem , the charge was low , he was great , so i gave him a decent tip !	2139
1	we recently bought a $ 250 gift certificate from star nursery , so we could get a free landscaping plan . heather designed such a wonderful plan for our `` pool '' yard . she obviously spent hours on this project . her enthusiasm for the plants she choose was definitely transferred to us . she gave us so much information and spent 1.5 hours with us describing each plant , and why she choose it . we ca n't wait to get started planting ! ! ! along with the plan , we received an estimation of the cost of the plants . we spent thousands of dollars with previous landscapers , and the plans were so traditional lv . awesome experience !	99
1	i received a plant arrangement today from a close friend . it was the most tasteful , beautiful piece i have ever received . this will be my go to florist in the future .	2266
1	it was my sons first haircut and we decided on a whim to try you out since we were in the area . it was a little busy when we got there but i realize that we did n't have an appointment and we had a waiting time . when we were next the lady was super friendly and very talkative which is great for kids ! my son did so well for his first haircut and you made it a good experience . thank you .	260
1	great place if you are looking for huge pieces of sashimi for a great price . their rolls are not the best ever but they are good . there rolls are big and the pieces are big too . if you have a big mouth this is the place . if not then you might need to cut each piece in two . great place for the price .	198
1	love their diet cherry limeade ! ! ! so refreshing for low cals ! ! ! definitley a place to stop with these 100+ degree weather ! ! oh and if you love shakes ... and chocolate oh an bananas.. try the choc . banana shake ! ! loveeeeeee it ! : )	994
1	i moved to az 3 yrs ago and tried different places to thread , but found myself coming back here . the two ladies , marina & chisty are very kind and do a great job ! the location is perfectly set inside the mall ground floor , and the space is clean . i recommend stopping by .	2986
0	terrible first experience ! i drive all the way there only to find this place closed despite yelp , google and the sign saying it 's open wtf ! ?	1325
1	i expect just another hotel with basic rooms but what we got for such a low price was amazing . the room was spacious , very clean and comfortable and had it 's own kitchen . most places have a vending machine but this place had a room full of snacks and microwaveable food , also a microwave on the spot . great thing for when you come back really late and hungry . the front desk also has a big selection of dvds for rent . next time i 'm back in phoenix i 'm sure i 'll be staying at candlewood suites .	2283
1	charlotte now has four restaurants that match some of the best in the country . aix en provence , barrington 's , kindred , and aqua e vino . we had dinner at the latter for the first time and every aspect of it was superb . the atmosphere is so inviting -- warm , cozy , and a respite from the world outside . it is exciting that charlotte 's restaurants are finally great .	546
1	i love this place ! they did an excellent job grooming my cat and everybody there is extremely nice ! i would highly recommend this place to anybody in need of cat grooming !	2324
1	i love this place . everything is so savory , flavorful and wonderful ! ! i got an amazing iced mocha here ! i also got an unbelievably deelish sandwich . they have beautiful looking desserts and gelato too . there is one more pekarna location but this one is in with an amc theater if you are looking for a movie to go with your sandwich or dessert ...	436
1	love andys . great staff behind the bar , ethan and james rock ! great wine list as well .	1261
0	had brunch here with friends recently and was not impressed . ordered a french press and cinnamon roll to start . the coffee had so many grinds in it they had to make a new one . the middle of the cinnamon rolls were raw . we also ended up ordering chicken and waffles , a breakfast skillet , grits and eggs benedict . the benedict and skillet were good , not great , just good . the chicken and waffles were pretty terrible . soggy waffles and a chewy piece of chicken thigh . the grits were chewy and unappetizing . blah !	481
1	wow . tri is the man to go for pedicures and callous removal . just do it . i have been over a hundred places and he is so thorough for especially the callous removal . i have baby feet and can feel the bottom of my sandals . `` smooth as eggs . '' love this place and wish i could take tri to the east coast with me !	2686
0	i give this two stars only because dr. neil sheth is excellent . however , i have had a tremendous amount of trouble when calling in for prescription refills . dr. delorenzi and her staff do not return calls to the pharmacy nor do they return calls to the patient . i have had mixups with my prescriptions written by dr. d and have had to contact an office manager to get any results whatsoever . i will be looking for a new doctors office .	3349
1	i love this gym ! helpful and friendly staff who know your name . super clean . group fitness classes that are free with excellent instructors . spacious group fitness room . no waiting ever to get on excersice machines . my home away from home !	1984
1	ryan 's review ( the 10 year old ) : i love this restaurant , but not all kids would like it . everything is great . they also have a summerlicious menu ! in all , this is a great restaurant . the mom 's review : we loved luckee ! despite the limited dinner menu due to summerlicious , we found options that appealed to the whole family . they were very accommodating with our order , as we combined a prix fixe menu and assorted dim sum . all the food was tasty , with the luckee basket , the potstickers , and the rice balls in the dessert tasting being the standouts . the kid has requested another meal there !	1441
0	one word slow appointments are worthless . you arrive 15 minutes early and get in 45 minutes late . they say 45 minutes to an hour it takes 2 hours .	959
0	i always come to this place for shanghai food but this time is really disappointing . service and food was really bad . i ordered a tofu dish which the tofu was sour . i told the server about it and she insist that their tofu is fresh . they took it back to the kitchen and came back out with the same dish telling me that there 's no problem with it . i have no problem paying for it but is really bad bring it back out on my table . i will never come back again .	1123
0	tried the school , made promises of small classrooms , intimate nurturing school community . the teachers were shrews , and harsh . teachers students attend the school and get special treatment , bullying is present and nothing is done , about the situations . if a child is struggling with a subject there is no help , they just pass the kids along . any teacher that torments and bullies a child in class , is a small person and should not be allowed in the classroom . no wonder they heavily advertise for students the turnover of kids leaving speaks for itself .	2640
1	brian at this store was very helpful with changing the battery for my car when it 's 105 degrees outside . the person who sold me the battery did n't really want to change it for me because he said it 's difficult to change it on my car ( few more screws you have to take off ) so brian ended up helping me without hesitation . this company is lucky to have him .	2502
0	i have stayed at the doubletree greentree four or five times , and today i 'm asking myself why i keep coming back here . the fact that i spend 150+ nights per year in hilton properties is lost on the staff at this hotel . the fact that i am honors diamond , means nothing to them . in the future , when i plan travel to pittsburgh , i will stay elsewhere .	1741
0	i used to frequent maya often , as the japanese stylists were sweet and skilled ; however , i can not justify patronizing a salon with such poor management and service any longer . my main issue is with the individuals who run the place . time and time again , my appointment times have not been honoured , and they were rude and condescending when i last broached the topic with them . this was the straw that broke the camel 's back , and i will not be giving maya the satisfaction of wasting my time anymore .	2181
0	i just left there and the big women with the drawn on eyebrows behind the counter had an extremely inexperienced customer service attitude and looked at me liked i had four heads when asking what kind of muffins they had ... . i would never go back or tell anyone to rush there .	1125
0	the place was super fun but disappointed . we purchased super passes and were told we disnt have the right card for mini golf for go carts . the website clearly states that both of those plus more should have been available . we also were not able to play anything passed 930pm . it was almost like they shut the cards off to get us to leave .	3707
1	you wo n't find a hidden gem as golden as goat feathers . if you 're a sucker for cute and unique antiques , then this is the place for you . this store is neat in the sense that no two items are the same . you do n't find that often nowadays ! ! ! my perfect day : spending a girl 's day in boulder city shopping at goat feathers- admiring the hidden treasures around every corner - and then chowing down some food at a cute bc lunch spot . perfection ! ! !	1526
1	eric galliani is a phenomenal internet sales manager . my cousin who lives in az was interested in purchasing a 2018 honda accord sport . eric made the entire transaction as smooth as possible for my cousin and his family . i appreciated his professionalism and willingness to help . arrowhead honda should be proud to have eric on his staff . if anyone is looking to buy a new honda in the mesa area , they should contact eric . glenn amboy napa , ca	2210
1	i have been going here about once a week for almost 2 years . ruby is usually working and she awesome . my order is always right . ruby , valetine , and whoever makes the food in the kitchen is great . i see bad reviews on here but maybe because im there for lunch the night crew is different ? the location is in a bad area but that should reflect the store itself because they do a great job . the employees are friendly and the food is good .	549
1	happy hour was pretty decent , service was on point ... best part ? seared tuna salad ! definitely good enough to keep going back : )	717
1	i set up an appointment the night before and came in at 1pm on a saturday . there was no wait . charlie did my full set and his work looks great and he worked so diligently . i definitely will be coming here from now on .	544
0	i normally never leave reviews but this place was honestly terrible . all they did was cut my cuticles and paint my nails yet it was the same price as every other nail salon that goes the extra mile . my nails ended up looking pretty flawed as well . i wo n't be coming back here . i would look for a different nail salon in the area that you will be treated better at .	2481
0	so the best way to acknowledge a failure in the service at your clinic is to tell the entire world that `` dr. ram is a vip only doctor '' . may be he should be practicing in hollywood or at the white house . i did not care much about dr. ram , dr. vasquez is actually who i was scheduled to meet with . it is easy to pass the bucket . i understand the staff being new or in training , it does not justify poor service , i did n't question the skills of the staff , i question the service rendered or not . you are still getting 0 stars from me .	297
0	every time i go into this place the hostess is extremely rude ! the first couple of times i thought maybe she was having a bad day , but no she 's just miserable all the time and refuses to be helpful . it 's sad when that 's the first thing you see as you come in because it sets the mood for the meal . i assume she must be the owner 's daughter because any place in their right mind would n't keep someone like this around . the food and the service is just okay .	1482
1	great family restaurant ! by far the best fried fish sandwiches in all pittsburgh ! quick service for the relatively large amount of people that are always there . be wary if you are going on a friday during lent- there will be a ton of people there !	1189
1	i came to this location once before for my dodge charger . i was very happy with the service and the staff . i came back today for a free a/c check and again , was promptly greeted . i love how the staff remains professional yet personable . they converse and get to know you . highly recommend this location if you 're in the area !	599
0	wow . i have never been spoken to so rudely before . the brands they carry are great if you do n't mind being talked down to . i went to the one on north rainbow rd . i am going somewhere else to purchase .	2222
0	usually have no problems there..i went there craving a chocolate shake & they hardly added any chocolate syrup ( or whatever they use to make the chocolate shakes . ) i had to fix it with my own chocolate syrup at home . i shouldve just gone to smith 's & bought ice cream to make it myself . such a bummer to go somewhere craving something simple & the place messes it up..broke this pregnant mama 's heart lol	844
1	great customer service , and i got my dog 's medicine in a reasonable time . they even included a toy for my sweet pekingese , charlie !	2827
0	worst car wash ever ! ! need more water on the rinse . they said they were willing to put my car through again when all wanted was a refund .	507
0	my haircut was ok . i got no water , no scalp or neck massage . my hairdresser , charles , left me more than once to do consultations on other clients . i felt like he rushed my haircut , because i think he had another client booked too close to my appointment time . he also frequently turned away to socialize with coworkers . the salon was dirty and a little bit shabby . $ 93 before tax/tip for a trim . i will not go back .	3113
1	this place serves up great bar food that 's a step above their competition . the service is friendly . between the candy on the table and all the soaps in the bathroom , this place has its own twist on a neighborhood bar .	1150
1	this place seems to have gotten its act together again and a lot of the issues i wrote about have been resolved . hooray ! another exciting development is that they are starting to fill the retail spaces on the first level .	2460
1	this place is legit . super moist and fresh chicken and good prices . you should be aware that fries for 2 is literally enough for 6 people so go hungry .	1109
1	ok the pharmacy staff has always been horrible especially the female staff however the store staff is great . the store staff is always friendly and helpful . i love that there are red boxes in front . i usually can find anything i need and it 's super close .	2463
1	good bagels , but were running super low when i went in this morning . i did n't get all what i wanted and craved : (	477
0	it was eh ... ..not fresh . not soft . never going back . i knew before i tasted it that it was going to be disappointing .	1669
0	terrible food and terrible service . also this place is all about taking advantage of people . after 11pm ( only ) you can get water only by the bottle . free tap water is not available late night . just to take advantage of people .	902
0	30 minutes after my appointment and still not being seen . this is a waste of time , why do n't they just reschedule instead of make people late for work ? there 's a reason people schedule appointments . all this time , paperwork , waiting 3 weeks in pain and sending records wasted just to find a new place who respects your time . if i was 30 plus minutes late to any doctor i would n't get an appointment . update : 40 minutes late and still not seeing a doctor .	3103
1	the owners are wonderful and talented . i 've been a customer for 10 years . all of the services offered are priced just right and the technicians are all like family . if you 're into nail design this is the place to go . they stay on top and exceed what 's trending .	3497
0	worse company to purchase from ... i do n't recommend purchasing from this company.. i waited a month after placing my order to find out that they could n't fill my order ... fast at taking your money with no results..	978
1	i do n't know why this restaurant has been categorized `` thai '' but it is the best seafood i 've had in cleveland since i moved here in 2003 . great service . great food . and an aesthetically pleasing bar ( both the drinks and the patrons ) . a good place to go when you want to be chic in cleveland . put on a black blazer ( for the men ) and a fun , colorful dress ( for the women ) and just have a good time .	487
0	my husband and i made reservations last night to eat at savoy . we both were very disappointed . some of the food was not completely cooked . i guess we should 've realize this place has gone downhill since we were the only people eating there . we will not be back . they definitely need to bring in a good chef who knows what they 're doing	714
0	too tiny of a restaurant , chicken in both the mole and taco dishes were cold ! too many items on the menu for a 1 woman show to do well .	332
0	the worst urgent care i have been time . wait time is 3 hours , the providers can not handle the small patient load they have and it shows how incompetent the staff and providers are . thank god these people are not working in hospitals , where they have to handle big cases coz if they can not handle small patient population with very minor cases how they gon na treat patients in a hospital . now this place is called health care partners nevada , do not go there !	2618
0	tasty food but bad service , unfriendly staff and portions are small especially for what you have to pay ! not coming back	808
0	their product looks great , but has no flavor ! ! ..way to pricey for what you get ... both girls are hard to deal with and have the personality of a tumbleweed ! ... pass this one up !	981
1	drivers are most courteous , and you wait hardly any time , and they are right there to get your bags . we love the rewards program . good way to get a free day or two . and , your prices are quite reasonable . make sure you book on line , though . keep up the good work . we appreciate it .	2531
1	i came in for a foundation that would cover scars , and valerie at lancôme made sure everything was absolutely perfect ! she sent me home with a foundation that made my skin look flawless and an incredible exfoliate . she also sent a few samples which i have loved and will absolutely be purchasing . she is very knowledgable about their products and i was so much more confident when i left and i had a big smile on my face ! i was even complimented on my make up from friends and family ! thank you valerie !	2479
0	had them for 1 year canceled this year will not use them again my air went out in july 110 degree days said it would be 4 days before they could get some one out so i had to get it fixed myself it was a simple compacitor in my unit i would not recommend them their response time is terrible i was paying 575.00 a year for nothing	3653
1	i love this dry cleaners . they are always extremely friendly . remember my name and even help me to my car when i have lots of stuff . on top of that , they do an excellent job with my clothes . i have not only had stuff dry cleaned but a zipper repaired ( maybe $ 6 bucks ? ? ) and a hem altered . all of it is great work . it is family owned and that makes me happy to give them my business . as long as i live in gilbert this is where im taking my dry cleaning .	1053
0	the vibe was super underwhelming . i had the coffee bubble tea and it was not my favorite , we also got the ice cream stuff and it tasted good but weird . i probably wo n't be back just for drinks . their food smelled good but i did n't get any . if your looking for a place to study with cool drinks , maybe keep looking	1301
1	i had a first and great experience with big o tires . we came here to get our oil changed and had other questions regarding our car . when we walked in kind faces welcomed us . the boys were professional , fast , efficient and mostly helpful . 30 minutes later they were done and we were ready to go home . i say a big thank you to david the store manager , mike the head mechanic and sean . customer service was excellent and store is clean . i will definitely come again and recommend this place for anyone who wants really good customer service and overall service .	3860
0	i have purchased many computers from this store before . i have been quite happy with in store service in the past . i just called the microsoft store today to see if they had a computer in stock before i drove all the way to the store . the call was routed to a call center . they told me there is no way to check to see if a store carries a computer before i go there . that 's not very good customer service . they should have at least connected me to the store to talk to someone but were of no help .	1006
1	located on the first level of the eaton center , this location is convenient if you 're already at the mall . they operate the same hours as the mall : mon-fri 10:00 am - 9:00 pm sat 9:30 am - 7:00 pm sun 11:00 am - 6:00 pm i came to see how much contact lens solution cost , and they averaged about $ 12+ for a 12oz bottle . that 's almost double what i normally spend in the us . they did have a sale on bottled water , normally $ 2.99/12 bottles for $ 1.49/12bottles . 3 packs for $ 4 . this location seems to be busy most of the time , but the lines move pretty quickly .	2534
1	i stopped in alone for a couple of drinks and it happened to be gong karaoke night . though i believe this was a rather new and somewhat different offering than normal karaoke there appeared to be many regulars in the audience who were supportive of one another . i like to keep moving so never required service though every time i went to the bar for a drink the busy bartender knew exactly what i was drinking and took care of me quickly . i was particularly enamored with the entertainment hostess chondell . she is a gem .	341
1	this is place is my new favorite spot , i tried mad house coffee and it was n't the place for me . this has nice soft music , but there is a downside if you ca n't listen to soft/slow music or it makes you sleepy than maybe this is n't the place for you . most people are too busy studying that they do n't even make a noise . so that what makes me happy because i can study peacefully without being bothered by multiple things . their is limited seating so either wait or come another time . i highly recommend this place to study and have a snack .	2219
1	while i do n't care to reveal personal medical information , i saw dr cassar after being referred by my primary care physician . i really liked dr cassar - he 's personable , explains things well , and answers all your questions . the assistants who did the testing are great . dr cassar was present for the stress test and monitored it . that was reassuring . the follow-up appointment was thorough and again , he really listens and answers all your questions . his medical assistant is responsive . they are a busy practice - check in and out can slow , but the front desk staff is courteous and accurate . i 'm sticking with him as my cardiologist in the future .	1942
1	very much enjoyed the pedicure i got here last week - the staff was friendly and professional and my nail tech did a great job . my only complaint is that i could not find a list of services and prices beforehand and therefore did not know how much i would be paying .	1817
1	i enjoyed the carne asada tacos . two tacos for 4.87 is a great deal . i will certainly be back .	857
1	the new menu was really good to check it out i rick highly recommend it come on down and check it out	1295
1	service is awesome . mark and brandon are really helpful . keeps my car in great condition . thanks purrfect auto !	1324
0	not good ! ! the all-you-can-eat fish fry is given to u in scraps after the first serving . just a bunch of grease ! !	1029
1	i am really confused as to why everyone is giving them horrible reviews , my experience with then was great ! my package came a say early and was in perfect condition ! they did n't throw my package like many other people have been saying . i have no reason to not like the company !	556
1	very unique menu- excellent loadedtator tots- wide variety of beers , burgers , wings etc . tv screens everywhere . the place is decorated in a trendy way with steel and red . generous portions and friendly staff .	496
0	i had botox less than 8 weeks ago there and today you would n't even be able to tell . i get that 20 units were bought via a groupon voucher but i did pull an additional $ 200.00 out of pocket to get more units . had this lasted 12 weeks at least i would have been a returning customer . this was a colossal waste of $ $ $	3366
1	we have gotten all of our bedroom furniture and kids ' bedroom furniture here . great deals and fast shipping .	3854
0	good and large choose of features in the shop however i do n't recommend the rep department to fix a vintage bike !	1624
1	first time here , we ate outside because is was nice out . tables were clean , and not really busy ( it was 1pm ) . food took about 25 minutes to get to the table . we got vinny 's favorite . craig was our server , he was nice and filled out waters constantly , brought us napkins , parmesan & did n't overly bother us .	581
0	kinda just `` meh '' . nothing really fun about this place . looks run down from the outside . they need to change the food selection up once in awhile . go here about once every other month , but it 's gotten quite boring . nothing really special about this place . would recommend you drive a few miles to kofusion for something better for a little extra money .	135
1	love this place ... .been going here for years and drive from tempe since i moved . love the people and the service they give.. give them a try ! !	3732
0	ordinarily i would n't go here , but since it was walking distance from my hotel and i had no desire to drive on the snowy roads , chain food became acceptable fare . i want to know why this place has cajun blackened mahi-mahi on the menu when they do n't cook it with an ounce of cajun seasoning ? i got a plain grilled fish . the cauliflower and cheese side was nearly indistinguishable from the mashed potatoes . only small chunks of cauliflower which probably had all the nutrients cooked out of them signaled which dish i was eating .	705
1	went to go look for a new apartment and the staff at onnix was very friendly . please ask for jenna as she helped me with the entire process from start to finish . she made the process fast and easy .	3148
0	worst customer service i have ever had ! ! while trying to pay for my items the employee sits and has a conversation with another employee . tells me my total , talks some more and then looks at me like why are you interrupting ! then i ask for other items i need , he gets them . i swipe my card and i say thank you have a great day . no response ! really you need to treat you customers better especially because they are the ones ensuring you still have a job ! !	2681
1	overall i liked this place ! the doctor was very nice she answered all our questions and concerns ! you can set up an appointment ahead of time to make sure you do n't have to wait . it was very clean as well with great customer service as well . i 'm not too sure of the prices i will have to do my research to compare with other people . overall it was nice experience i recommend .	1700
1	great intimate venue , staff is very helpful , drinks are surprisingly quick ! only wish there was a smoking patio where you could bring a cocktail ! always plenty of parking and a great local crowd .	17
0	a couple of my friends and i were simply looking for the perfect halloween costume and some employees came up to us and told us , `` this is not your playground , either buy something or leave . '' i was appalled that an employee would dare say something of this nature to me .	3259
1	great atmosphere , amazing cake . the vegan chocolate cake was outstanding , better than other vegan desserts in pittsburgh by a lot . i highly recommend getting a seat on the couch , v comfy .	2410
1	highly recommend for a late night treat . had a few friends in town but we decided on dessert too late so everything was closed . we placed an order online & got our cookies within 30 minutes .	181
0	talk about rude . i called to compare window prices to home depot hoping to give my money to a local company . the first lady i talked to was nice ( except for asking is i was calling from home depot , like i worked there or something ... who asks that ... ) but had computer issues and so she transferred me to her partner who was having better luck with he computer . this lady was so short with my i do n't know how she has a job .	3794
1	this gym is pretty cool . i was a member for a couple months on the gym side . they were always very helpful and nice . i also did one month tanning . that side of edge is pretty awesome too . the only reason i do n't rate a full 5 is because both times i canceled i ended up getting charged an extra month . both got fixed . it was just annoying to have it happen twice . so be careful and check your bill if you decided to cancel .	3898
1	yum ! every bite of my burrito followed a `` mmmm '' . my boyfriend and i came to toronto to visit from boston , and having at least 3 favorite burrito spots in our city we had to check this out . i got chicken , my boyfriend got pork . they were very friendly and patient . they offered us many different choices for our burritos . it looked like they stir fried the meat with the rice and veggies- something i 've never had before . they were so amazing and delicious , i seriously do n't know what could have made this any better .	834
1	i was there yesterday , desperately trying to figure my license /check/payment situation and the people at state board went a extra mile trying to find my application . i appreciate the extra care .	1696
0	i bought a groupon with a few friends and we all planed well over 2 months in advance . we all planed to have dinner and arranged for babysitters to come but 3 hours before our class , i had someone from this company call me any say he could not have 4 people in a class and only 2 people could attend the class . he tried to tell me that i scheduled it wrong online but this was the company 's fault . does n't anyone look at the schedule days or weeks in advance ! we never went and i would never recommend this business .	3284
0	update ! ! ! they are still trying to charge me ! ! ! never use this business ! ! ! i stopped showing up with no notice and i could n't even get a call back from them !	2387
0	we ordered a total of 8 cupcakes , all different flavors and were definitely not impressed . the `` buttercream '' frosting is made with shortening and therefore leaves a greasy feeling on the roof of your mouth . not too impressed with the look of the cupcakes either . also wanted to try french macaroons and were told they did n't have any although they had a big plate on display . if you get anything there , go for a cookie ! the one on top of the chocolate chip cookie cupcake was fabulous ; unfortunately the rest of the cupcake was trashed .	1889
0	i ca n't stand the lines at this store . it 's always a very long wait . i go to the other one on rainbow if i need `` house stuff '' . sometimes , i forget and go here and then i get to the line , leave everything and walk out .	10
1	it is walking distance from the house . there is shade . the back 3 holes are very private .	1944
1	great pizza for a great price ! and the staff is super friendly . i ca n't even count how many times i 've been here . one of my favs !	417
0	the sausage was so gross on the pizza . they burnt the crust . however , it was priced well for a casino place ... .so that was a plus .	282
1	this is a great gym for a serious work-out ! each person that works out here is more ripped than the next ( guys & girls ) - great motivation ! plus , every class i have taken has been more intense than the next . the spin instructor , leslie , is as good as it gets .	465
1	i love reserving parking in advance of travel making checking in and out easy ! i 've never waited more than 5 minutes for a pickup from the airport after travel and i love the pick up and drop off right to my car !	2531
0	the place itself is okay but whatever you do , do not let nicola be your person ! ! ! ! not only did she screw up my piercing and it was crooked ! ! she also said my tattoo that i had had for 5 years was stupid and bullshit . everything i said she had to disagree with and came off super rude ! ! ! do not give her your service	2790
0	extremely disappointed . bought 10 tacos 6 steak and 4 chicken was given all chicken . its like they ripped chicken right off of a chicken leg or thigh and put it in a tortilla . it was so bland and flavorless . i usually go to taqueria every other week but they were n't here so i thought i would give it a try . i would have been more satisfied with taco bell . this place is awful . i do not recommend this place . wait for taqueria to come back from vacation . trust me .	2937
1	it is n't the nicest place , yet . they are still renovating so the rooms are from the imperial palace days but they are doing a nice job and i believe this will continue to be their bargain properly on the strip . i was really happy to see they did n't abandon the o'sheas experience and had a gambling room dedicated to a new upscale o'sheas with the same little person as the mc . this seems to be a young person place , but my room was comped so i have no complaints . i 'll update the review further once i see how the new rooms looks .	2976
1	this was an absolutely delicious , hearty and affordable lunch ! had the curried lamb wrap and the ravi stew . we 're just visiting for the weekend but i may come back . also , nice cozy little place to sit with friends . would recommend to others !	59
1	christine was the only employee working when i arrived at a busy time after work . she was able to greet all of her customers , finalize returns , complete purchase sales , and grab special orders and different sizes for people all at once . this woman needs an award ! ! she was absolutely amazing ! so helpful and knowledgeable . she did not let the overwhelmingly busy store get to her . she was completely calm , welcoming , and cheerful ! ! ! i so appreciate all of her help and her positive attitude .	1920
0	terribly noisy hotel with probably the worst insulation ever- 9 stories up and you can hear everything below you . walls incredibly thin and you can hear full conversations in the next room if you 're unlucky enough like us to have an adjoining door . bed not comfy and pillows are of low quality . stay in probably 20 hotels a year and this was the worst experience . valet parking for $ 50/night is a disorganized nightmare . giving it 2 stars due to location .	1690
1	shave ice is the new bubble tea ... so i 've been told and decided to make a trek up here from downtown to check it out . we only ordered the shaved ice and was really impressed by the presentation and the taste . you can choose your own toppings and the amount of sweetness ( condense milk ) you want for your shave ice . i got the matcha flavour and it was matcha goodness ! let me warn you , the portions are massive , you probably need a friend to lend you a hand . this is something different and i 'm always down with trying different things .	176
1	now open on saturdays ! ! ! super excited since they are the only ones open for a dmoothie-juuce bar on the weekend downtown .	3223
1	meet some friends for happy hour a few weeks ago . great place for wine and appetizers . service was good and food was great . definitely recommend this one .	49
0	do n't bother making an appointment . they will cancel it last minute , make you move your whole schedule around , and then make you wait an hour in the lobby while walk-ins are seen ahead of you . as a student , i do n't have the time to constantly miss class because of their incompetence . people rely on pp because they need cheap treatment -- it 's a shame that this need is abused by shamelessly wasting time and giving no credence to your schedule . we deserve better .	2334
0	staff is nice the dr 's are nice but the wait time is atrocious ! ! ! i had a 10 am appointment and it 's 11:10 and still waiting ! ! ! why have an appointment time if you ca n't keep it ! ! ! my past 2 visits have been long waits . if you are a busy person this is the place for you if time is an issue ! !	297
1	chef vic is a genius . he made a couple of custom pizzas for me and they both came out wonderfully ! my favorite thing on the menu is the grilled cheese , and ofcoarse zepolis ! : d	459
0	big waste of time . nothing to see . small showroom and about 10 cars . employees are extremely rude .	2978
0	jcpenny.com truly truly sucks ! their customer service , although friendly people , they are not solution minded or customer minded !	3633
1	the reasons you should shop at ashley furniture store . - excellent customer service - hug selection to choose from - they have several options on purchasing merchandise	1794
0	my bf rented a versa for 48hrs/2days because his main car broke down and he needed a car to get to work , the quote was $ 44 . he declined everything that was offered . he specifically refused insurance because his would cover it . when he returned the car , he was charged $ 111 . they added insurance without his consent at $ 25.99 per day . representative that helped him was `` devry '' , ( at least that 's what he said his name was ) never doing business with them again . why do they do `` bait & switch '' ? ? ! ? ! ! this is so wrong !	3595
1	great service ! adam , always fun spending time at your bar . you know what i drink before i order it . top quality service . will be back	3661
1	grand opening did n't disappoint ! ! ! beautiful facility and amazing staff . tried the spartan / strike class and jennifer/ cathy kicked our butts big time ! ! worth every penny ! !	2328
1	we recently had a pipe burst in our home and had to replace several rooms worth of furniture . from the moment we met roger we knew we were in the right place . since purchasing a new dining set we have gone back to roger at ashley of north scottsdale several times . the customer service was phenomenal . we had to reschedule our delivery date several times and it they were super nice and we were easily accommodated . we tried going to other stores to find other furniture to replace what we lost but we ended up returning to roger at ashley , because quite simply the other local stores just ca n't compare to the exceptional customer service .	3738
1	good food , great drinks & decent prices for the area ... the bulgogi cheesesteak was definitely the best thing i ate there .	688
1	awesome burgers . good food selection . tasty appies . nice draft beer selection . hunter always takes amazing care of us and then there 's carter , what a sweetheart . always leave happy at reeeed robbinnn , yummm !	1323
1	oh , my , god . essentially anything you get here will be awesome . is it pricey ? yeah . is it worth it ? ohhh yea ! fall off the bone ribs , amazing pulled pork , oh my goodness .	560
1	what else can i say that has not been said a million times over ? ? best airline hands down . period .	1623
1	i love this place a small arcade bar . not bad on prices either . my husband and i have been playing non stop	2494
1	this is my favourite grocery store can not rave about it enough ! ! it has everything i want clothes food home decor all in one tell me another place that does that ( aside from walmart ) the ambience is amazing and on top of that the shopping carts are cute and makes me happy to push around usually when i have to go to grocery i 'm like ugh not again ... but if it 's loblaws i say hell yeahhh recommend it to everyone a must try !	2402
0	i wo n't be going back to this place ever again ! they are overpriced for their services , left wipe marks all over my dash ( a.k.a . still dirty ) , and they were rude and condescending to me while i was there . the icing on the cake is that when i got home , my husband noticed that one of our hubcap covers and a marine magnet were both stolen off of my truck . he tried to go back and get them , but they said there was nothing they could do to help us . i do n't recommend that anyone uses this place as they have no redeeming qualities whatsoever .	3899
0	how does this place have such good reviews ? they tried to insist that my car requires synthetic oil . it does not . they filled my tires to 40 psi , which i knew was wrong . they did not replace my valve stem covers and i had to buy new ones . they did not put the cover back on my air filter , so my car was `` roaring '' and i was going to take it to a mechanic . luckily , i figured out what the problem was on my own .	3456
1	wow ! this kale + quinoa salad with falafel is the best salad i 've ever had anywhere ! i will eat here several more times during my trip to phoenix , as often as possible .	875
1	brian and adam are the best people i know . hooked it up fat with a free tire repair at 8am on a road trip day . dream team with the squeaky clean thought machines ! ! !	2123
0	terrible . quoted me $ 1000+ for a job i eventually got done with another company for $ 200 . everything is working great now ! i was told by the company i eventually hired that their technicians are commissioned , which would explain their sleaziness . too bad for penguin . i own multiple rental properties in arizona , and am always in need of good service people ... .	2203
1	i stopped in for a night 's stay after a late flight into charlotte . i assume it is an older hotel which has been upgraded with a thorough renovation . comfy bed , quality sheets and a clean room were all delivered , as expected . what was above average was the breakfast offerings - an impressive offering of smoked salmon , the usual hot bar breakfast ( which was slightly better than the usual ) , as well as cooked to order eggs and coffee that had been recently brewed . all of that made for a better than expected start to my day .	1348
0	very poor service and the food quality is below standard ... .there were food stains on the plates , half dry up shrimp head on the table cloth and we were the first customer on that table . my 7 yrs old son asked me why the shrimp rice roll taste weird , not like the ones we get in markham . we could n't eat another bite of the pork dumplings because the pork taste funny ; will not return	338
1	love it here ! can not go wrong with the basic $ 3 wash , and no need to pay for the pricier packages . everytime i 've ran my suv here , the attendant has managed to tape the bug guard on my hood and my rear window-wiper . and free use of vacuums ! what more can i ask for ? absolutely the best ! will continue to patronize this place ! keep up the good work , guys !	127
1	everyone from the front desk to the nurse , lpn , and doctor were wonderful . got in an atv accident during vacation and took an uber to see if it stitches were needed . once i filled out my new patient forms , i was called back within minutes . got my stitches and everyone was professional and gentle . highly recommend .	2618
1	the staff here is second to none . they make you feel comfortable the minute you walk in there . i got a full set and wanted something that would look natural and she nailed it ! i think i 've found myself a new nail salon ! great service and fast	2049
0	our hoa used them to crack-fill and sealcoat our community roads . disappointed beyond the spectrum . we were surprised when we called asking when the 2nd coat would be installed and they said it already had been applied . had to beg and plead for walk-through after project completion - was told our warranty expired once we could n't see the taillights of the owner 's car leaving the property . not sure where the referrals they presented came from but sure wish we used yelp as part of our research . will never use them again and i hope others listen to our reviews and contact other contractors . dynamite is far from being da bomb .	1850
1	i used to love coming to this place ! i came back to visit and was upset that they got rid of the beer pong tables : ( still a fun environment with friendly staff ! would n't mind being a regular if i lived a bit closer !	704
1	the best tacos ever ! full of flavor and meat ! definitely my favorite place to get my tacos from	857
0	the food has gone considerably downhill at this location . i was a regular until the past few visits with horrible food . considering lunch or dinner for two here will run you at least $ 30 , save your money and skip it . service is decent .	428
1	scott in the service department at coulter infiniti was very helpful . called and scheduled an appointment to have warranty repairs done to my vehicle . he had a loaner vehicle ready to go when i dropped which made it very convenient . i recommend scott at coulter infiniti for any and all of your service needs ! ! !	2133
0	do not buy online ! see the pics i posted the delivery took forever they dont send you tracking number and the item arrived damaged they never gave me a discount see my pics for more details including my review of the product and there rejection to post it	1576
1	i 'm so thankful to dr zedek.. he truly help my daughter , that being only 16 , was completely lost.. i have my baby back ! ! ! she 's doing wonderful and i really recommend him to anyone in need of help .	3928
1	signed up online , took a class with dana . great instructor , i already signed up for a 2nd class .	1128
0	have n't been here since st. patrick 's day earlier this year . a lot has gone downhill since then . scott served tables ever half-hour or so and gave off a terrible attitude . ordered food and it took over an hour to arrive . was told the kitchen was backed up and only 1 cook . there were maybe 20ish patrons . went over an hour sitting with nobody stopping by for refills . this being said , the new owner was out on the patio and he never went without food or an empty glass .	2733
0	the worse place to get repair or services ! they are the most unprofessional staff ever all the way to their manager .	2210
0	lady charged me twice for some overpriced crepes that are n't even that good . lady said money would n't get charged twice but she lying . would n't ever go there again or refer anyone to go there .	762
0	like the place with a good atmosphere but the bouncer will not let my friend in even with two legal identifications . i guess we just have to leave and go somewhere else since we are not welcome .	1176
0	so i got a toenail fungus . i know for sure it was there because i had n't gotten a pedicure in about two years . i did go to a local podiatrist and they prescribed me medication and confirmed my suspicion 's . beware , i did call them and they seemed to be sorry and concerned about it but i still have it and it 's quite hard to get rid of . demand more from your nail salons whether they 're giving you a manicure or pedicure and ask them to sanitize things right in front of you . this is a good reminder .	2977
0	biggest waste of money . sonic is not what it used to be . the food was awful . the only thing i can say i like about this place is the drinks . but i guess that 's why the call it a drink stop .	844
1	amazing selection ! ! service is decent , but you are n't there for the service . the selection at this location is far superior to the town square location . this location carries balmain , burberry , scotch & soda , etc . most of the high end designers are here . the town square location , by comparison , primarily only carries saks brand and other cheaper brands like affliction , etc . highly recommend this location for great deals on high end designers !	926
0	food poising from their cheese burger do n't get food here unless you want to feel like crap for 2days . you have been warned .	1506
1	i had the most amazing experience at uno ! brenda did a color , highlight , cut and style on my hair . brenda has over 20 years of experience with color and hair , she hit it out of the ballpark for me ! brenda also waxed my eyebrows , she took her time and they turned out fabulous ! not only are brenda 's professional skills top-notch , but she also has an amazing personality ! i walked in feeling a bit down - after sitting in brenda 's chair her positive , up-beat energy lifted my spirits ! i left uno with beautiful hair and an uplifted spirit ! truly an all-around wonderful experience !	1606
0	donuts are a big disappointment here . the reviews are actually accurate . i do n't even dare to eat their donut , it just does not look appetizing . the lady in the front was very nice so i ordered coffee which she said was fresh , just brewed . it 's either the coffee was stale or it 's some hella strong coffee . yuck ! sorry , i have to give such a review as this establishment could actually used some positive review .	3487
0	this was my first time there today . we chose the restaurant as there were few gluten and lactose free options in town . i ordered the arugula salad and opted for shrimp to be added at an extra cost of $ 9 . woohoo i got one shrimp for the splurge . it also had a half pear . not recommended .	1368
0	honestly , $ 21 for a glass of wine that would sell by the bottle in a wine store for $ 11 is awful even by airport standards . took me once , but you can bet i wo n't be back . i guess shame on me for not looking at the menu .	219
1	i love this place ! the decor is modernly swank and the service is fantastic ! everyone , from housekeeping to the restaurant staff is so accommodating -- especially the front desk . levon at the front desk is a an absolute sweetie pie ! she saw that my husband ditched me at the hotel for 7 hours for work and so she kept checking in on me . my husband is a rewards member and so she gave me a complimentary glass of wine and a bottled water ! i may never leave !	2188
1	i just had my dog fizgig groomed here ... . rebecca did such an amazing job . i knew fizgig would be safe and treated well there and i had not worries leaving him . i highly recommend rebecca ! ! !	2043
1	la réputation de la rôtisserie romados n'est plus à faire . allez-y sans hésiter pour cet incroyable poulet frites avec un surplus de sauce piquante ( c'est leur spécialité ) . aussi , commandez un poulet entier à emporter pour un apéro de dernière minute : vos convives vous remercieront ! je recommande d'aller chercher vos commandes au comptoir et de ne pas tenter l'expérience de livraison dont l'attente est bien trop longue et le plat , lui , beaucoup moins ultime ...	1109
0	they mess up my mobile orders almost 85 % of time in the mornings . i almost always get and iced coffee with milk and always have to have them add the milk because they do n't ( even tho it says with milk on my order ) . sadly it 's the closest one to me on my way to work . even when the purpose of ordering ahead of time i often find myself still having to wait when i arrive .	2849
0	we went in one night after dinner . half the flavors were missing because the `` chocolate machine was broken '' . the clerks were not helpful . no greeting , no samples , no help . we were basically on our own . lack of cleanliness is a major issue here , too . we will not be returning .	1184
1	the national beer hall brand has expanded significantly in the last couple of years in the city serving good quality food and drinks . this is my go to place for $ 1 oysters , however , recently the quality of the oysters and the shucking have n't been the greatest . but when you are paying $ 1 i do n't really expect them to offer the world to me . still , they offer east and west with all the accoutrements with a large selection of beers , ciders , ipa etc . definitely a good place to hit up with friends and people watch on 17th	630
1	they offered us free soup with our meal in this extremely cold weather , which i think is the sweetest thing ever . we all got the cream of mushroom and it was pretty good .	464
1	this place is what matcha dreams are made of ! ! ! i am obsessed with everything matcha , and this is the best i have had . i went to tokyo last year , and this is as good , if not better than the matcha i had in japan . love this place .	2984
0	not thorough and overpriced . they treat their vips noticeably better than walk-ins . the pedicure next to me was longer , more thorough an cheaper .	3424
1	great atmosphere and amazing food . love the scotellinis and pizza . have yet to try a pasta dish ! the eggplant puree is divine and my pizza favorites are the mozzerella and the pepperoni . i have tried the wild boar twice and it can be quite greasy .	102
1	omg ! i love my new quartz countertop . first and foremost the company was wonderful to work with , second , they were extremely professional with any issues and concerns scott and austin our installers were the best . they were thoughtful for laying drop cloths down ( it was snowing ) throughout the kitchen and foyer , also very quick , neat , professional and funny too ! i had great conversation with scott and austin ! i truly feel we got the best product for our money ! thank you again stoneworks !	743
0	chicken katsu was over cooked , rice was mushy , the food had no taste . do n't think i will be coming back here .	435
0	we were in pittsburgh from out of town and read the reviews so we decided on don campiti 's pizza . urban spoon rated 91 % favorite . this pizza is not good . honestly , it tastes like geno 's frozen pizza from the grocery store . the pepperoni was very good . the crust was super thin and tasted like a salteen cracker . i 've had much better pizza and will be exploring other options next time i 'm in the burg .	900
1	love this place , great pizza and the chicken parm sub is delicious ! the owner is always friendly and accommodating as well	1482
0	impossible to get an appointment and the nurses there are awful . they are rude , they hung up on me 5 times and never returned a call as promised . i would not recommend this medical group .	3798
1	a very nice place that is centrally located in cuyahoga falls . it is like most other starbucks i 've been too , so there is nothing too extremely special , but the service was friendly and fairly fast . their bathrooms were very clean and did n't smell , which is always a plus ! i like sitting outside on beautiful days and they have plenty of seating for it . yes , i would come here again .	3641
0	i have heard good stuff about the 800 degrees franchise , but unfortunately my experience at this sls 800 degrees neapolitian pizzeria was sub par . i ordered the hawaiian pizza from the man behind the counter . fresh out of the oven , the pizza was wet and soggy . the crust was not crispy at all . i might give 800 degrees another chance next time i am in vegas , but as of now i am not impressed .	282
1	good place to go to for coffee near the university . nice staff , too .	3238
1	i 'm tempted to rate a 5 star , but minus a star for the lack of eating space ( well moreover comfortable eating space ) . great place if you want something quick , yummy , and cheap . how many places can you eat on the strip for a $ 10 or less dinner . i grabbed a chicken salad w/guacamole and it was excellent . fresh food and efficient service . it was $ 8.11 including guacamole with my chicken salad . well worth it ! takes credit card .	214
1	they fixed my singer when another place told me to throw it away . but i love it so i spent the money and they fixed it . there was a couple more problems after the repair but they stood behind it . i would recommend larry and raymond	932
0	this place has not changed at all , i gave it a second chance and it kept disappointing as bad service and food again , spending my money in some place else and real mexican food thankfully , and the gabriel guy send me a message trying to make me look as a mean customer , that 's not how you treat your customers ! ! ! thankfully i wo n't make business here ever again ! please find a good place for your money and time , there 's plenty of good mexican places around arizona . thx .	190
0	shenandoah mill is absolutely gorgeous and is exactly what i am looking for in my wedding venue . unfortunately manager patrick was less than enthusiastic and made me feel very uncomfortable . he made me feel as if every question i asked was stupid . it 's a shame that he was so uninviting because the place was very pretty	238
1	i would go out of my way for this boba . my favorites are the taro boba and royal milk tea boba . and if i 'm in the mood for something lighter , i would choose jasmine boba . the boba is always spot on and reliable and they have great service !	490
0	i just had a chorizo burrito supreme and an elote delivered . the tortilla was crispy as though it had been overdone . the lettuce inside looked wilted . once i got through half the burrito , the chorizo virtually disappeared . the chorizo itself was dry as though the whole thing had been overcooked and to top it all the burrito was really cold . very disappointing . i ended up tossing what was left .	1421
0	during multiple appointments , they 're late or have to reschedule all together . western dental over charges and i 'm starting to wonder if their dentists really know what they 're talking about or if they just take advantage because every dentist has recommended something different . we 're switching to a locally owned dentist and as locations of western dental that we have visited are similar as far as their service .	3292
0	i 'm not basing this review on food or service . i 've eaten at pita pit before . my wife and i decided to check out this location on sunday for dinner since we were in the area . to my surprise , this location closes at 3pm on sundays . what restaurant closes before dinner ? it 's just stupid . that 's why they get a 1 because their hours on sundays are stupid .	197
1	i really do n't understand all of the bad reviews for this restaurant . it is a buffet , not a sit down restaurant and is far and away the best chinese buffet in the madison area . and having eaten at close to 100 chinese buffets around the country , i have no problem saying it is way above average . the owners are there every day and even coming in for a late lunch , the food is usually still in pretty good shape . and having eaten many times at imperial garden , there are several items i would take off the buffet here first .	1575
1	i am so glad that i did n't find this place as soon as we got to town because i am afraid that i would n't have eaten anywhere else . the day we found it we went for lunch and then back for dinner . the pizza and pepperoni rolls were both fresh and hot . the staff was friendly and helpful . we were there on a sunday during a steelers game , but the service was still plenty fast . if you are looking for a great meal with fresh , homemade ingredients then this is your place .	293
1	best practice in green valley/vegas . i love my dr.. i love all the women that i 've ever had to deal with . they always call when they say they will , always so polite ! i always say `` a smile goes a long way '' and with them , it really does . thank you to all of you for being so kind to me .	2631
1	as far as mcdonald 's goes , this is a good one . rarely do i have to wait and they have n't screwed up an order yet .	1185
0	ordered an orchid arrangement through 1800flowers and was completely underwhelmed and disappointed . flowers were mostly buds not in bloom and were wrapped in cellophane . the recipient had to arrange herself . i understand it did n't have to look exactly like the website but this had zero wow factor- which is the point of a congratulatory bouquet .	38
0	walked around in the store looking for a plug for 20 minutes not one person greeted me not 1 person said hello not 1 acknowleged you wonder why places like this are going out of business	3192
0	very rude customer service , never will come to this location again . very inappropriate music playing , not family friendly . very brief statements were being mumbled from the employee , dont mean to blame . when she handed over my drink , there was some bread crumbs around the rim of the cup .	870
1	phenomenal experience and excellent service ! i always go in vegas or when i 'm at disneyland ! ca n't go wrong with anything on the menu . prompt delivery service as well .	432
0	the beef/meat they serve here is old and tough to chew . the chef did not do a very good job . this is probably the worse thai food place in las vegas . we will not come back here again .	1361
1	real good authentic korean food . i order the chicken with ginseng soup ( samgyetang ) for lunch . inside the chicken cavity it is stuffed with rice , garlic , dates & ginseng . the broth is very light and has green onions on top . it comes with salt in a small dish for dipping . a small whole chicken in a small pot . other korean restaurants usually do n't have this on their menu . so when i come here i order this special dish . this place also has really good side dishes .	298
1	first time here , the food was ridiculously amazing , the customer service was above and beyond and the open kitchen was entertaining ! huge portions so i have dinner for later ! we 're for sure coming back !	474
1	today i went to receive a hair cut today at the paul mitchell school , i have been once before so i was already familiar with the top quality work that these young students are achieving . i could n't be more satisfied with the haircut i recieved from robert bernardino , not only was he friendly and very intuitive to what i had to say but he was able to throw his own styles in as well , and being very patient with me when i changed my idea a good way through lol . i will definitely be returning to paul mitchell and hopefully have the chance to have robert cut my hair again .	354
0	staff was incredibly rude . food was ok but wo n't be coming back to a place with that kind of service .	902
1	mark tarbell does it again . for all you phoenicians you have to try the crisp fried chicken . it even brought back fond memories for a small town girl who grew up on great tasting chicken dinners . sending a shout out to all you baseball families , take it from one who is married to a # 1scout and former pitcher , this is the place to grab your favorite bottle of wine from the tavern store and enjoy it with a fabulous mark tarbell menu . sooo delicious .	286
1	great guys in service , needed some help with my new honda goldwing when i was passing true , they squeesed my in for my 600 miles oilchange and checked the bike compleet , also fixed my cruise controle ... and i got my bike back all washed ... great service ...	195
1	could n't be more satisfied with this apartment complex ! the management is understanding , empathetic , and goes above and beyond to help ! i 've dealt with them on dozens of occasions and every single one i was happy to see them and they were always there to help . the apartments are extremely clean , neighbors are friendly and overall it feels very safe . ( our car was always unlocked ) i would recommend this place to anyone !	1953
1	very clean salon with nice workers . from out of town and looked up on yelp for a place close to little miss bbq . accommodated me as a walk in .	415
0	husbands birthday today after movie stopped in 3pm on the dot opened door they say there closed on a sunday ! would only take 5 minutes to get a premade bundlet only cake he likes went straight home ruined evening ! ! thanks weve been loyal customers for years	18
1	excellent customer service . had a small problem with headphone jack . they fixed for free in a few minutes . will definitely come back .	3817
1	i 've been to this location several times is always give me quick friendly service . thank you post net	2279
0	i used to love this place . came here for their bday party . very disappointing . usually love pasta dishes here . angel hair with scallops and shrimps was a terrible garlic mess of butter .	717
1	so thankful for ulta taking me and my bride to be sister on short notice ! make up artist sheridyn is talented , knowledgable , helpful , and patient . she went over options with us and went the extra mile to make sure we were happy before we left . my sister is a gorgeous bride to be !	2479
1	great customer service in the service department ! called in for work to be done to my g35 on wednesday and was able to bring my car and have a loaner issued to me within a two hour time frame . very satisfied .	2133
0	the last three times i ate there , i have had an upset stomach later that night/the next day .	487
1	i 'm very happy that we finally have a chinese restaurant that is in the southwest that compares to one in chinatown . so i came here earlier this morning and yes ! ! they are open on thanksgiving ! trying to find something open is hard enough . the food here is very reasonable prices and quality is on point . i had a lot of dishes here and i love every single thing i have eaten here . no complaints and the place is very clean and new . also they serve roast duck , crispy roast pork that alone will save me the trip of going to chinatown from now on .	294
0	an underground venue which seemed very- very outdated . the menu only offered junk food , the comedians were very depressing and barely funny . with only the headliner who got a few laughs ... the drink options were minimal and the seating was uncomfortable , although every seat had a good view of the tiny stage the seats were terrible ( old , hard and unsteady ) many seemed un pleased with having to share their table with strangers . the waitress we had was quick and organized . definitely not an upscale place lol ! but an ok thing to do when there 's nothing else going on i guess ...	2144
1	this was our third or fourth visit . we ate the chicken shawarma pita and the gyros pita . very tasty , as always . we recommend this quick and inexpensive mediterranean eatery .	755
1	i have been working with plus printing for 3 years now . they have competitive prices and are always able to turn things around for me very quickly . i have never had any issues , also sometimes if they print more than you ordered they give you the extras for free !	3090
0	terribly over priced canned seafood served in an atmosphere of suffocating second hand smoke . save your money and go to long john silvers ! !	1255
1	try the mango chili lime ice cream . i like mine with gummy bears . there was a customer who told me after i got my ice cream that she came here 2 days in a row for the ice cream cookie sandwich . if i had another day , i would probably come back and see what all the fuss was about . this place has outdoor seating where you can view the bellagio fountains water show if u come at the right time .	3722
1	i do n't have any pre existing injuries from while i was in . however i do run in here when ever i have a minor boo boo here and there . a couple of times without an appt cause i felt like i needed quick medical attention that did n't call for running to the pecos hospital on the other side of town . i 've got dr. k , a very nice lady that does her job extremely well . not to mention gives me medical advice straight up with out a sugar coat on it . thank you !	2936
1	their website says , `` our physicians go to chandler regional hospital and banner desert samaritan hospital , and see our newborns in the hospitals , '' but their office staff just told me they , in fact , do n't go to banner desert and only work out of chandler regional . bummer ! otherwise , they seem very reassuring and kind to this soon-to-be-momma . their website contains lots of helpful information and direction which this newbie parent appreciates a whole lot .	1723
1	i 've been wanting to try this place for awhile since i kept seeing their signs for 'street tacos ' . i finally went in today to check them out . ordered a couple barbacoa tacos and a chicken quesadilla with some salsa from the salsa bar . everything was really good and the people working the front counter were very nice . i would n't hesitate to go back and try more dishes .	562
1	receptionist pleasant both times that i went there . once for uti and other time for sinus infection . they were quick and polite and knowledgeable . have a sinus infection again -- bad allergies . plan to go there in the morning ( its late at night ) . ca n't find a regular doctor that i like -- been to tons . plus usually when i need one it is last minute and ca n't wait for appointment . this place is a huge help .	2030
1	this reviews for the portrait studio . we have use them three or four times now and every time they are professional and the pictures come out great . we live in henderson and drive to the other side of town just to use the staff they have . good job portrait studio : )	1536
0	hmmm , not sure what the grill in their name is for , there 's no cooking going on in this place . in fact there 's not much of anything going on here . this is your basic strip mall , smokey , old as hell patrons playing the machines type of place . the bar tender was pretty nice and gave us a free round for giving way to the old lady who wanted my machine . i came here about 2 years ago and there was only one other person here . during my visit last week there might have been about 15 people , so maybe things are looking up . they also have a shuffle board table and a pool table .	767
0	very disappointing ! we were excited to try this new place in gilbert . but sorry to say the coating on the chicken breast was bland and had no flavor . it was very moist..just no flavor ... ..we expected something similar to raising canes ... .but no such luck ... ..it was also poorly run and unorganized as they had a long line and it seemed understaffed for lunch time ... ... my wife did give a 'two thumbs ' up on the coleslaw ... ..very tasty ! sorry bush 's ... we wo n't be back !	862
0	love whole foods , but not the people that go to this one . trader joe 's has less stuck up people that think you owe them something ! love everything in here though !	433
1	i 've been going to sweet nails for about 7 years now and i love them . it 's super easy to get in and out , i 've never had a bad mani or pedi , and all the staff is super accommodating . ivy is my personal favorite , but they 're all great ! i 've referred quite a few friends here too and they 'll all have the same experience . so lucky to have found somewhere so close to my house ! ! : )	655
0	ca n't figure out how to separate their hot dogs correctly . the mexican chick gives me dirty looks . they do n't know how to great people , very rude . i prefer the location on sunset & valle verde . they 've got it together & are super friendly .	3057
1	what a pleasant surprise . i got the signature `` 360 gourmet burrito '' with chicken and it was hot , tasty , and filled with quality ingredients and sophisticated flavors . minus one star for the ambience and zombie like demeanor of staff . definitely best fast airport food i 've had in as long as i can remember .	623
0	do not use this meineke ! my husband scheduled an appointment for a saturday morning at 11 . we got up earlier than we would have on a saturday morning to make this appointment . when we got there the guy behind the counter acted half asleep , but the worst part was he could not even find my husband 's appointment . we left the store without a moments hesitation .	2711
1	you can have the busiest of days but when you walk into this office and sit down you automatically relax . the atmosphere is so calming . dr fulton and karena are amazing and walk you thru every step of the way . i have been treated here with bhrt and it is amazing ! i am beyond happy and pleased with the results . i have also received a couple other services here and i love that i can go into the office and receive multiple services in one place . the staff is always happy to assist you with your needs . i would highly recommend this office and am very confident you would be happy with the service and results they provide .	1759
0	i dropped a duvet off to be repaired over a month ago . i am still trying to get it back and now that her shop was damaged and she moved to another location in the shopping center she does n't even seem to be opening . she has promised 3 different times to deliver to my house and has yet to drop it off . now i just want it back and she is never there . to make matters even worse the number is disconnected .	402
1	i enjoy working out here . not to mention it is at a great price with no contact ! they have a private workout area for women , classes , and tanning . i also like that all the cardio equipment has its own tv . the only thing is i wish they had more yoga class times but other then that i would highly recommend this gym !	2959
0	seven months since my last review and still no improvements . avoid this gym like the plague . the equipment is in poor condition ( e.g . damaged dumbbells , poorly maintained machines ) , the gym itself is still a mess ( e.g . disorganized dumbbell set up , weights no re-racked ) , and some of the employees are very rude/condescending ( roy , i 'm looking at you ) . tl ; dr avoid this gym .	1552
1	i love the desserts here ! we got the wheel cakes and tried out most of their flavours . this place is very small , so it 's mostly for take-out . there 's only 2 chairs and a table . they make it fresh right in front of you . the wheel cakes were soft and flavourful . they also pack it in a cute box for you as well . i 'll definitely come back and get it again !	989
1	i love this location . the people are cool , servers are good , food is on point , ambiance is nice and drink specials are a bonus . it looks quiet on the outside but the inside is pretty lively with lots of people .	1569
0	first time in , i ordered an 8oz cappuccino . there was only 4oz of liquid and 2oz of foam in the cup for $ 3.50 . i measured ( happened to have a coffee cup with ounces marked off and was curious ) at my desk . definitely not enough to get through the morning . it 's a shame because the flavour of the coffee was very nice . i expect to get what i order , so wo n't be going back . many other coffee establishments nearby to frequent instead .	3183
0	pros : the place is clean and well maintained . service is good ! cons : you ca n't help yourself with samples . they actually follow you around and tell them which one you want to sample ( my little preference on self-service ) . lastly their fresh fruits look old and their mochi was definitely old . i took a spoonful which 20 % of it was rock hard ... no lie . typical looking yogurt place . nothing different than other yogurt places .	288
0	be warned ! had them replace tire . they did not balance tire . the car would shake when driven on the freeway . brought it somewhere else thinking there was something wrong with the car . come to find out it was shaking because tire was not balanced . could have caused more damage if i would have kept driving on a shaky tire .	2846
1	i am impressed each time i visit ! the sizes of their scoops of ice cream and sundaes are well worth the price tag that comes along with them . the employees here are very friendly so be patient with them when they have a long line - they can only do so much at one time . make sure to check out their pies and chocolates as well . everything is made in house ! yum ! note : make sure you get a punch card 10 purchases = a free scoop !	3604
1	i 'm still trying to find a consistent therapist , but it is definitely something i do for myself . i highly recommend a membership .	3733
0	friendly enough . dogs are exotic , but i really think is does not work 100 % . i ate the wacky one with pork belly . i was sick for half a day .	1566
1	this place is almost right across the street from me , which is not a good thing for someone who loves mexican food . love everyhting i have ordered . the green salsa from the bar is the best ! !	548
1	stayed here last weekend with my husband and our 3 kids . the room looked exactly as it did in the online ad . very clean , spacious , had a full kitchen with all of the utensils needed . the fireplace was perfect since we stayed during a cold and rainy weekend . check-in was fast and easy and the attendant was very sweet . will definitely be returning .	3091
0	i was very sad to see dr. mendoza and dr. weber leave they were amazing ! ! i decided to give the new doctor a chance ( dr.rosario ) . never again will i step into that office . i was extremely disappointed with how i was treated . i left the office feeling extremely uncomfortable and almost in tears because she was extremely rude and not willing to listen to me .	2223
1	arizona science center brings science and entertainment to the young and fresh minds of the community . the staff are always friendly ! the weekend manager manny is very knowledge and able about the asc and all the exhibits . he was very helpful . i look forward to visiting again . the weekends are always packed , if you can make it during the weekday you will bypass the mass of patrons . r\_	3891
1	good subs , cheese fries . inexpensive .	110
1	family of 5 . we spent 5 hours here ! kids did n't want to leave . something for every age .	2183
0	got stuck here in phoenix to the kenworth deal to get my truck fix after a week was told the truck would be fix in the afternoon and it was not . read the comments the the gm put and he 's full of it . your shop is the worse i have seen in 15 year . do your salf a run as fast as you can get your truck to another shop . this one will ben you over.this place is more like -1 .	2707
1	there 's no dunkins in california but here in vegas ... i feel like homer simpson when he drools awwwwww ! lol ! got a glaze and apple fritter with a sprinkle donut wash it down with a latte . so delicious .	618
0	this is not my first dd visit , but first time to this location . it 's been a little while since i 've had dd , and i do n't remember it being gross , but it was today . i ordered donuts for my kids and they were cold ... just love a fresh cold donut ... i also got a bagel with cream cheese for myself . the cream cheese had an interesting texture . it had almost a grainy texture to it , and not a very good flavor in general . my kids would n't even eat it . service however was quick and friendly and that 's the only reason i give it 2 stars .	1131
0	most of the back tables were sloppily cleaned and the carpets looked as if their vacuum was broken ! the creamer that was brought to use was covered in a `` slimy '' something . i 've been coming here for years , once a month or so and this is by far the worst it 's ever been . the food was tasty and cooked correctly , but the price of all this is just getting not worth it . $ 28 without tip for 2 spinach omelets a side of 3 pancakes and 2 coffees ... eeehhh	520
0	still , no response from simplicity . i am going to write to them again today . i want an additional treatment to make up for the last one .	343
1	i 'm so very pleased with how my sons cake turned out for his 1st birthday ! it was was beautifully crafted and fun . although on the pretty expensive side , i 'm a firm believer in `` you get what you pay for '' i called them and they stayed on the phone with me and made sure that i was satisfied with what i was hearing , it was a pretty great experience . and they have great pastries ! delicious !	981
0	i have been going to this place for years . no more . i started using the spray wash recently , only to find out that when i swipe my card for $ 2 it charges me $ 15 ( not pending , went through as a sale this way ) . when you try to call and ask someone about it , they never answer . horrible business .	2932
0	the owner here so means , he does'nt server you , maybe you di n't spreaking good enough english , make you do n't feel comfortable to come here and shop here , he does n't welcome you anyway .	1339
1	cute little asian girl gave me the best massage.nice atmosphere . good relaxing vibe . employees had great positive friendly attitudes . good price . i will come back alot . only 35 bucks for foot massage . hotstone .	463
0	the art museum is pretty nice ; the carriage and car museum is cool ; and it 's neat to walk through the greenhouse . those are free . however , nothing really separates the $ 12 house tour from other house tours . like the other ones , the docents do n't focus on anything interesting , like history or the architecture or the building itself . they focus on some family story that may only be of passing interest because the family is rich . kind of like hearing about paris hilton or the kardashians . b-o-r-i-n-g. and what kind of tourist attraction does n't allow pictures ?	3461
1	i recommended this practice to my wife . she researched and told me about yelp reviews she found and i thought it would be only fair to share my positive experience . i am a new patient at this practice . i had a saturday appointment and i had a great experience with the staff and dr. schlotterback . appointment setting was easy , waiting time was about 10 minutes , the doctor did not rush and was attentive , overall good flow . i like the patient portal the office use to send referrals , for booking appointments and for rx refill .	1562
0	i took my family to have some pizza and we waited and waited ... .and waited ... .and waited ... .and then we walked out after 25 minutes 9f absolute nothing ... .they did not even bother to ask for our drinks ... ..good bye metro pizaa ... forever ! ! ! ! !	192
0	took my mom for her birthday here they treat us like s*** and circus the same thing . the manager was rude and also very poor at english . i ordered a roll that tasted awful that i could n't eat and they force me to pay for it and i kept emphasizing how awful it was and they kept telling me i was wrong . i would recommend not going to this restaurant in fact i recommend calling the health inspector because their food is dried out and old i would say it was left over from the day before and do n't go here you get what you pay for $ 11.99 all you can eat .	745
0	i 've been sitting here waiting for a pedicure for about 30 min when my appointment was at 1:15 now it 's 1:30 and i still have n't been seen . worst costumer service i 've ever experienced . thank you but i will not be coming back . horrible . do not come here ladies . i 'm about to walk out with my feet all wet .	2297
1	the venue is amazing ! not a bad seat in the place . we got a deal on the tickets the day of the concert at tix4 . ok the concert itself was well done lots of costume changes high energy . i 'm old school and really hate lip syncing which is what this show is all about . poor brittany took a big fall during the end of the show and hurt her ankle and to her credit carried on . the venue is great ! the performance was ok . cirque mystere is way better bang for your buck .	2879
0	too bad there are not zero stars ! first they cancelled on me a couple of weeks ago ... so much for using up my dollars for 2016 . then this time my wife and i went ... had a big problem with the locker in the change room ... and then time for the 4pm massage , everyone else gets taken except me ... someone finally came 5 minutes later . my massage was the worst i have ever had ... there is no way this woman was an rmt ... oh well , no way i would ever go back there for a $ 180 massage when you can get great massages for $ 100 or less from proper rmt 's in the city .	955
1	love , love , love amc and this location . cheap admission for showtimes before noon- smaller crowds ( everyone flocking to harkins ? ) , excellent snack foods make this place a winner . you still get the great surround sound experience , and the crowds seem more mature to me- they 're quieter than most theaters i frequent in the valley . the popcorn is most always fresh and they serve coke products . you can become a `` stubs '' member for a minimal fee and then you earn points and free things as you go to movies and spend $ $ at any amc theater . if you do n't go to the movies often , this might not be for you .	2406
0	now we needed the fire dept out , since the water pan and ac drain were incorrectly installed and all our fire alarms went off and the ceiling is leaking and filled with water . the fireman said it was one of the worse installs he 's seen ! after my post on 6/11 , i am so furious . please use another company and save yourself all this aggravation ! ! ! !	2203
1	came here with my family about 7 of us , made reservations , got seated right away on a friday night . servers were very attentitive to our table there was never and empty glass or empty plates at the table . i had the wedge salad was amazing maybe slight over dressed with dressing for some but i thought it was perfect . i got the charlotte crab soup that was very creamy served hot nice amount of crab too . this place was highly reccomended to us and very happy we saved it for when your family was in town .	1147
1	higher ground is in a perfect location with an amazing range of food and drink . good : the environment is relaxed and the service is average . the food is delicious . we had a butter-nut squash soup with a cheese sandwich along with mac & cheese . the portions were perfect and the quality of food was wonderful . bad : the drinks were not as good as they could have been . they were good but the mocha was too watered down and the peach smoothie was was clumpy . the price was above average but we prefer to pay more to support a local place . overall : the perfect alternative to the green corporate chain ( ahem ... starbucks ) .	2163
0	came here for a girls night in based on all the good reviews ... . the massage and foot scrub was okay ... .but at the end of our appointment ... .the boss/manager only offered us a `` yelp check-in discount '' if we wrote a 5 star review and showed it to them . he legit took my phone and read what i wrote and then wrong me up ... decent massage but i do n't like that they are bribing customers to write great reviews for them ... wo n't return here again .	2399
1	my family of 4 ( including me ) had appointments last saturday . we were late , but all of us were still able to be seen . the staff members were friendly . dr. lao was the stand-in doctor that day . he was nice and pleasant to talk with . it was an overall good experience .	2107
0	decided to try this place - it appears to be closed and there are for lease signs in the windows .	1554
0	the cameron store clerk is very rude ! the store entrance glass doors are very filthy .. i was commenting as a buying customer and was rudely spoken to by cameron . i will report to the health dept as well	25
1	always good for breakfast . the service is quick and efficient . they make amazing grits . i ca n't speak to the rest of the menu so much as i tend to get breakfast any time of the day there . i absolutely love the little store that captures you at the front end of things . even if i do n't buy anything it 's fun to look around and wish or reminisce about childhood toys and soda .	1542
0	this event was way too crowded . good breweries and food but they sold way too many tickets to make it enjoyable . for the price of the ticket they should have cut it off sooner .	3694
1	this is a really nice denny 's , conveniently located right next to the hampton in.. you get 15 % off with your aarp card , but tell them up font because there are no do-overs once the bill is totaled . not their fault - it 's a computer thing . kinda lame , but i do n't blame them . food was good and to go order was 100 % accurate . high marks for that , since it almost never happens anywhere else i seem to go .	317
1	whole foods is one of my favorite places to go for a salad bar . its always clean and fresh . the staff at the store are always really friendly and helpful . its always clean and i love all the samples they have out . some stuff is pretty pricey . but the produce and lunch meat are always about the same as other stores maybe a little bit more but you get organic stuff !	3874
0	do not go here worse nails experience ever where do i even start they filed my previous gel off instead of taking it off with acetone but the used an electric file that use for acrylics causing one of my long natural nails to break . they did n't even soak my nails or push my cuticles back the place looked extremely unsanitary and my nails are crooked and dirty with bubbles in them and they tryed charging me $ 30 after this shit job i 've had way better manicures for less this place is a joke avoided it please my nails look awful and now i 'm going to have to get them redone	2297
0	i went for a pregnancy test after two positive pregnancy tests at home . i was going on vacation to las vegas , nv and wanted to be sure if i was pregnant for safety of the baby . they told me i was not pregnant and to continue on my normal daily activities . i had extreme pain the next day and went to the hospital who confirmed i was indeed pregnant with a urine test and blood test . the providers will still not remove the charge/fees for this poor medical information that i received ! i would not recommend this place to any friends or family for good medical care and knowledge .	3193
0	they do rubs not massage.. you pay for a massage and they just rub you . very cheap though and affordable . but not for me . i 'm used to getting a deep massage .	2014
0	after reading good reviews about this dental office i made an appointment and was hoping for a positive experience as well . the office staff and dental assistants were all very nice and professional . unfortunately when the dr came in to chat with me he was very judgmental and rude , he did not back off when i was visibly getting offended and upset so i walked out of the appointment . i am so disappointed in my experience .	1082
1	love this cleaners and will not go anywhere else . no chemicals , eventhogh it cost a bit more it is worth it . my shirts look and feel great . i can say i feel much better knowing that they are not using any chemicals . th owner is and the staff are friendly and knowledgeable . their hours are great . my wife and i visit this center on daily bases and we avoid going across the street to desert ridge . we eat at this center , bank here , walgreen is here , we are just missing a small organic grocery store ? just a thought for a business person .	232
1	the food is good but the sandwiches are heaven ! tried the barbeque chicken with pate ... 5 stars out of 5 . had them add extra jalepenos and veges . tried the barbeque pork with pate ... 5 stars out of 5 . also had extra jalepenos and veges . the owner knows us by sight since we order 6 sandwiches for lunch ( even great when a day old ! ) and sometimes even eat one bahn mi after a full pho dinner ! we 've taken friends there and they wish they had the same restaurant at milpitas ca . the price is a bit higher than in seattle but the flavor makes it worth the extra .	673
0	i was charged $ 12 each for two dishes listed on the menu for $ 9 each . i pointed this out to the waitress as we left . she said she was sorry but did not offer to correct and refund the difference . we certainly will not return and suggest anyone dining at cinco review their bill closely . ripping folks off seems to be part of the business plan .	1330
0	smelled like weed in as soon as i walked in . but i still ordered and gave it a chance but it disappointed me .	3556
1	these guys are good , i think it 's a smaller company but they did show up , and the quote we got on the phone is the price we paid . they are 24 hours and operate in las vegas .	2931
1	better than last year , but the $ 15 admission is not justified . the music venues were in the right spots ... so was the performance spots . people should have an option to bypass the market area . i hate being forced through a maze of retailers . one suggestion ... spread out the food outlets to other parts of the park . they did have one on the other side of the park , but a little variety would be nice .	2665
1	adelia @ the baseline cobblestone you rock ! ! ! . you have amazing customer service . you are truly an asset to the cobblestone organization . keep up the great attitude .	127
0	simply the blandest , colorless , pasty mex food i 've ever had . no spice , no flavor & lackluster presentation at best . agree it tastes like it all just came out of a can . better off spending the same at rubios , baja fresh or even taco bell . maybe with the new liquor license you can imbibe enough to make it taste good . really wanted this place to be a hit since i live nearby and love my mex , and it did n't bother me about the atmosphere or self seating - good for kids just not your taste buds .	548
0	serious attitude from the sandwich maker when i asked what sandwich it was on my plate . i had ordered a turkey cranberry and the made me a plain turkey on white bread . i told him i had ordered the turkey cranberry . he insisted they only rang me up for a plain . i said that was fine , but i 'd like the right sandwich . he dismissed the white sandwich and said he could n't take it , then added 'what do you want paper for that one too ? ! ' then rolled his eyes and turned to grab a sheet of paper ... sorry your life sucks bro , just wanted the right sandwich .	701
1	south hills movers is a 5 star company ! ! they moved my mom from pittsburgh , pa to florida and were so easy to work with . bonnie made sure we were updated every step of the way . they were very organized , efficient , friendly and professional . from the first estimate to the last box delivered , we were very satisfied with their service and would highly recommend south hills movers !	370
0	do not use this company . we waited 20 minutes for the shuttle to take us to the off sight office only to get there and they had no cars . we booked this car directly through ace over a week ago . when the woman at the desk found another company she refused to match the new price . what kind of business model is this ? we wasted about 2 hours of our only day/night in las vegas . we are now at the mercy of another car company that will hopefully be able to get us a car in a timely manner for a decent price . also , why not tell the shuttle driver to tell people they do n't have cars ?	3576
0	had my 2017 audi q7 serviced here in 8/2017 . when they replaced the glass they failed to mention it was not an oem windshield . now i 'm having problems trying to get the car calibrated at the dealership due to their mistake . safelite employees never mentioned that they could get an oem glass and that it would be more expensive . i would have been fine with that that 's why i pay insurance ! ! ! if you co e to this place make sure you get all the information because their employees are to lazy to do their job correct	2036
0	this is so ridiculous ... .tried to set up appointment and was told i could only do so online . have they not considered since it is my healthcare that i may want to see the facility before allowing them to perform the test ... .and oh by the way since i am here why not take the time to schedule an appointment for me	1453
1	this is one of my favorite food stores to go to . it 's clean and very well layed out . also , the employees are super friendly and efficient and their prices are great ! ! my favorite ! ! !	1947
1	it was our first time there . the food was good and at a reasonable price . we did have to wait about 10-15 minutes to get our order taken because the server i guess what doubling up as delivery driver . the cook did talk to use and ensure she would be back soon , which she was .	1366
0	i was `` served `` with an incorrect order and a lack of customer service . i would recommend going to mcdonald 's , at least incorrect orders and bad customer service is to be expected there .	57
1	i usually come here stressed after my printer died or i forgot a deadline and they are always fast , friendly , and efficient . also more affordable than some other options .	3328
0	blah . tacos and empanadas are not up to par . i would not even compare it to the filbertos on every corner of phoenix . very americanized tacos , which lacks flavor and spice .	1317
1	this is my supermarket ! i love safeway on hayden and chaparral rd ! it was remodeled a couple of years ago and they added a wine bar and appetizers . the whole place is very clean . they make sushi to go , or you can eat it in the cafe . there is a starbucks inside and wells fargo bank . they carry organic vegetables and fruits , fresh bread and desserts.the individual cake portions are such a great idea . i love the deli , and the cheese section .	1097
1	the receptionist ( becky ) was very helpful . the technician ( issac ) was professional , courteous and efficient	2660
0	not my best experience food not worth the price and service was slow . and heard that they are leasing reddstone and turning it into graffiti social kitchen ? ? ? really they took over cleveland 's hidden gem and doing away with comedy there now that 's a joke reddstone was on of the best bars and restaurants very disappointed and definitely not good thing for battery park	1463
0	very slow service . only 2 tellers . you would think they would have more before the holiday . further the manager tries to covinve all to use the atm . they think customers are stupid and do not know that the atm only gives $ 20 bills . why do i bank with boa ?	3371
1	great ambiance and best location , night life casino friendly service no waiting on a friday night ? great place to just hang out and watch the gorgeous people of sin city !	2841
0	drove all the way and sat for ten minutes . took them ten minutes to say that there is only one barber .	761
1	the driver was on time in a bmw just i what i asked he was really friendly and funny , my service from the hotel to the airport also was excellent and provided by the same car and driver .	2901
1	went with my mother who 's vegan and we got the lemongrass tofu banh mí and fried tofu . the banh mí was perfectly toasted , full of crisp carrots , cilantro and well seasoned tofu . the fried tofu was golden and crisp in the outside and soft in the inside . with the thai chili sauces and sriracha in the restaurant one can heighten the spice as desired . had a great time and will definetly be back , oh and she got a passion fruit tea with chia and boba and i got the thai tea with boba , both were awesome as well .	1301
0	horrible airport burrito i ever had . the shop looks nice with catchy phrases like 360 gourmet ingredients and what not but the taste is awful . even worse , they charge you extra for everything , right from cheese , sauce , and guac . an usual burrito with all the usual ingredients will make it to $ 20 here . such a daytime robbery for a tasteless burrito . grab a flatbread at the einstein bagels right across and you will be happy you did that .	623
1	the staff are a hoot ! we stay here on our overnights . i 've never noticed how friendly the staff is ! also the gym is pretty fancy . they do n't have everything but they have more than minimal workout equipment . and it 's soooo clean and well maintained ! seriously though , the front desk and shuttle crew ... hilarious ! also the downstairs ballroom is really nice . would be a pretty cool place to host special events and receptions .	1786
1	undoubtedly the best indian restaurant in the valley . their very talented chef memo ( formerly executive chef at pepin restaurant ) will create incredible dishes to satisfy your paladar . i particularly love their shrimp tika , lamb masala and lamb chops or for a light lunch the shrimp mango salad..definitely a must if you live in the valley or visiting..	640
1	the pizzas are quite big . my husband and i split a large salad and pizza and we left really full . not even room for dessert . fresh food mated to order . delicious ! the front of the restaurant is open to the street and it was quite hot in parts of the restaurant . if you sit near the back , near the spot where the air condition meets the heat , it 's ideal	282
1	our first time here , good customer service , great atmosphere , food was good . kids had fun playing all the games . great time with my family .	1283
1	lovely square with free wi-fi and lots of musical concerts ! today they were launching some kind of news channel and giving away free sunglasses - they were pretty cool by the way . it is located very close to a yonge subway and not very crowed during summer time - to my surprise .	1012
0	service was very trying . by the book but left no wiggle room in reference to our reservation . then called me the next morning and accused my daughter of driving the vehicle because i had her call roadside service from my driveway because the battery was dead ! not only that they called my daughter while in her college class telling at her and accusing her of driving . manager on duty was horrible . the only reason i kept the car is because it was paid for by an insurance claim ! ! !	2177
0	went for $ 13.tat ... i adked 3 people is it centeted ... i didnt have my glasses on nd it looked off center ... but they all said it was ... i got home nd it is off center ... if u cant get a small little tat right im pissed ... and of course no one is answering their phone ...	443
1	the service is friendly and the food is amazing . hands down my favorite sub shop . they have 2 tvs so there 's always something to watch .	517
0	warning : you will be assaulted on site while security does nothing and management keeps the perpetrator inside , kicking out victims and witnesses . do you enjoy being physically touched , grabbed and ordered to do sexual acts by strangers ? do you enjoy security telling you there is nothing they can do while management tells you it 's no big deal and you are making more out of nothing ? do you believe in management that allows a man with several complaints from several witnesses of sexual assault while you kick out the witnesses ? well , then luxx club is totally for you . if you are female ... this is not a safe place to spend an evening or your well earned cash	1734
1	if you 're in the mood for some mexican food than you 've come to the right place . the service was phenomenal . mimi was our waitress and had drinks , salsa , and chips out so quick it was quite impressive . the menu was very nice and had something for everyone . i enjoyed the chicken fajitas . they were so excellent and plentiful that i took home the rest . they came to the table piping hot and had all the fixings . everyone else really enjoyed there meals too . if your in the mood remember to stop by on the border !	1558
0	0 stars . go in about midnight because my hold had ongoing fevers . go in fairly quick since there were no other patients there . waiting for the dr until he comes in with the most tiresome energy in the room seemed like he was sleeping , and briefly checked our daughter and said it was viral , `` ok i under stand that part , but just the uneasy feeling and the lack of peace of mind he gave due to his behavior , made us feel like we did n't get the best care . next time i 'll stick to urgent care for the same treatment and a way cheaper cost . do not recommend it .	350
1	the ramen are pretty good . i order dandan don once , it was too salty ! ! the pork bun is tasty as well .	812
1	stars for the quality of the ice cream and service . ice cream was great but for a friday night & line out the door , 2 people was not enough . long wait .	1523
1	i have been and will continue to be a renter through enterprise car rental . the arcadia location 2834 n.44th street is the best , not just the proximity of its location all agents are courteous and knowlegable folks . they are very helpful if you need to be picked up from your residence , and the drivers they send are very attentive to make sure you get to your pickup and drop-off safely . i am somewhat of a regular most of the staff now know me and that 's a good thing.i have always been treated with respect and quick rental check-in and check-out .	2373
1	dr. pervaiz is knowledgeable and professional . he is now my primary care physician . his staff at the rainbow office is pleasant :	1466
0	minus one star . if you need a dependable towing company ... then do n't call these people . waited 3 hours for this towing company to not show up . they were 5 miles from our vehicle . i could 've pushed it to the shop . middle finger 's up ! bums	2010
1	have enjoyed tottie 's several times now , and keep coming back for the excellent flavor ! hooked on the green curry & noodle dishes !	779
0	i truly believe this is the worst bar in arizona , maybe the southwest . it 's soul-killingly bare and soaked in ammonia fumes . the warm clutter of the former ivan 's caravan has been replaced with an uneven formica bar top , stripped concrete walls , linoleum floors and all the ambiance of a jail cell . the bartender told me they do n't provide toilet paper in the bathrooms anymore because the clientele kept stealing it . ouch , my soul hurts .	3416
1	had the quiche of the day yum yum it 's a must to try . love that you get a chicken consume and croissant before your meal oh and strawberry butter oh my	485
0	the woman that was sitting at the front desk was rude as soon as i walked in with my daughter . she had my child wait to be taken back to be checked until she finished a very loud personal phone call on her work phone . when the results of my daughters strep throat test was ready i could hear the woman from the front desk yell her results to the doctor . i think it 's worth noting that the woman at the front desk was wearing a badge that said `` clinical manager '' . i drove to the east valley for this specific pediatric office & was very disappointed with the way they acted towards my child . would never go back .	1799
1	i love how they get everything done within a week . they just get s* # t done and it 's perfectly done . great in and out access and quality of work .	2702
0	waiting in line to pick up roc race packet for 50 minutes so far and still not there yet . you would think that sports authority , a sponsor , would help organize packet pick up so the participants had more time to shop !	3911
0	i 've never managed to get a good plate of wings and good service on the same night . i 'm glad i 'm not with my ex anymore so her friends wo n't try to drag me here with them ever again .	1487
0	one of the instructors ( andre hairston ) hits on married women in his class and dates them .	342
1	going to the dentist is not my favorite place to go , however dr dhillon and his staff make the visit very pleasant and in and out in a reasonable time with very little discomfort . dr dhillon 's techniques and professionalism are superior to all other dentist i ever dealt with .	3292
1	wow just wow . if i could give this place 6 stars i would . this place is n't only beautifully they have an amazing staff to go with it . i 've only been here less than a week but just amazing . my leasing agent was april . process was easy and quick . rent here if you want the best . excellent	842
1	great service and is a filling meal ! somehow i only get indigestion when i eat from this place , but that wo n't stop me from coming back every time ! love it	1418
0	put it this way - i got into an argument with them about taking my car off the rack when i said `` no thanks , i would just like to take my car elsewhere '' after i heard the price to fix my brakes . i 'll never set foot in there again and you should n't either .	565
0	servings are small and they charge a 50 cent fee to use debit or credit card . they lost a customer and i hope many more .	857
0	poutine- blah and they use crappy fries which makes such a difference . the spaghetti sauce beyond gross ! it tastes like asian pho with tomatoes crushed in it . not one italian spice in it , it was like sweet cinnamon , coriander , star anise , & clove tasting but it was not italian or tomato tasting . the smoked meat sandwich was tasteless . pizza was decent . would n't be excited to go back unless it 's just for drinks . too bad because the place is super cute but the food is junk !	77
0	wow really ? lines lines lines and no shade shade shade . come on guys take care of your partrons or you will continue to loose fans .	2005
0	it 's a very very shee shee- place ! everyone had a superior , snobby attitude . i stopped after my massage and had three other appointments and went home to never return !	1973
0	maybe my expectations were a little high considering the 5 star reviews but i was disappointed . the ramen was okay but the broth could have used more flavor and the pork was kind of dry . also the egg was a standard hard boiled egg instead of the marinated seasoned soft boiled egg , which did nothing for my noodles . my friend got the wonton soup but it was just wonton wrappers . i 'll go to ramen soya , monta , or jinya over this place .	930
0	i promise you , if i could rate this company with zero stars , i would ; they are horrible for out of state services . from stolen merchandise to broken items , terrible . we made every attempt at financial recovery , including speaking with corporate headquarters , but all we received is a `` thank you for using our services . '' their workers were cursing like sailors around our family , including young children , & without remorse . terrible company to utilize for moving in champaign , il ! ! i would n't let them move a pencil off of a table again ...	112
1	every time it 's time for me to go for my massage i ca n't wait .the massages are very relaxing and good for tight muscles.sign a contract for a year and so happy that i did .	2653
0	the menu is smaller and the chicken and veggies have suffered- they are obviously skimping to make more money . the flavors are actually pretty good but the place always looks filthy ( do n't sit by the bar with a view of the kitchen ) and most of the staff looks mengy like they just finished all night benders and have n't showered ( sounds mean but it 's true ) ..sat by the bar and saw one waitress with a super long pony tail flopping it all over the place . bleh . sorry .	1558
0	technician was sent by home warranty company for a ge refrigerator that was not cooling property . tech came to property and since this was a secondary unit stated that the home warranty would not cover anything . therefore he refused to even diagnose the problem or examine the issue , offering only vague suggestions and giving the number of another repair agency . only thing the tech did do was make sure the $ 75.00 service fee was collected . thanks for poor service and the rip off ! ! instead we had to pay another reputable company another $ 75.00 for a diagnosis of the problem . at least they did what they were paid to do .	2657
1	the service is incredible here . a lost art has been found in a carwash ? it 's true . one of my favorite places to go . they truly value your business .	2152
0	good selection of premium foods , but the staff ... a bit intimidating , pushy , with a real `` know it all '' attitude . i much prefer the scottsdale store on shea/scottsdale road . for toys , grooming supplies , beds , etc , go to ryan 's pet supplies in phoenix . fantastic selection , very helpful and friendly staff , and the prices ? ? amazing ! they sell everything but dog food . well worth the drive to mc dowell .	1775
0	this place is usually decent , but service is hit or miss . stopped in for an eyebrow wax and koala did just a mediocre job . it took about a total of 3 minutes and bottom line is i had to come home and pluck what she missed . also left wax on my lids and got some in my hair . it was n't busy , she could have at least took her time and did it right .	2197
1	got a call from rc willey , and they stated that they regretted my situation . they made a very nice offer and promised to work on the issue . thank you .	439
1	l'un des meilleurs café latte que j'ai bu à montréal ! ce petit café à l'ambiance accueillante du quartier hochelaga est à découvrir ! seul défaut , le café ferme trop tôt en soirée : 19h00 ...	184
0	i am currently staying at the westin here . the staff is great the rooms are semi clean . i went to the restaurant in the lobby and the food is awful . i would recommend to stay at the hotel for the views but never eat at the lobby restaurant . i ordered the filet mid rare ... ... .chef should be ashamed . over cooked , no flavor , and what chef does n't trim the ends off green beans ! ! ! ! ! ! gross and they charge $ 35 ! premium pricing with tim hortons quality . i actually went across the street for a donut after dinner to get any pleasure out of the meal . stay away !	1859
1	cotizamos con unas cuantas compañías antes de llamar al dueño de universe landscape and design . no soy una persona fácil de persuadir , me gusta las cosas hechas perfectas y a mi manera . jorge ( el dueño ) hizo exactamente lo que se le pidió y hasta llegó más allá de las expectativa . agradezco no haberme ido con ninguna otra compañía , estoy totalmente satisfecha con el trabajo de instalación de pavers y la limpieza de todo mi landscaping . ¡gracias jorge por tu profesionalismo !	3727
0	worst burger joint ever ! do n't go near this trap ! the burgers were burnt and about the size of a dollar coin . the curly fries were absolutely disgusting as they were cold and reheated . then there was the half chicken which came out to two portions of breasts because the legs were sold out . fine ! but at least make them tasty and fresh ! the chicken was absolutely dry and tasted like it was a week old ! sorry this place is a disaster ! too bad it was our first meal in montreal and it was certainly `` unforgettable ! ''	1280
1	wow ! super cute and trendy atmosphere ! friendly and attentive staff . the hummus nachos were amazing . a little spicy but very flavorful ! the green garden quinoa bowl was bursting with flavor . there are many gluten free options if that 's a concern . i would definitely go back .	1458
1	dr. slater and karla are the best . i wo n't go to anyone else . so glad i found this place . they make going to the dentist fast and stress free .	3292
0	just got back this afternoon . what a major disappointment . it could n't get more unorganized , unimaginative , and boring . $ 33 million dollars for that ? somebody is laughing all the way to the bank . as a graphic designer , i am appalled at the piss poor signage throughout . where you were lucky enough to find a sign , it was either so small or so badly placed , you could n't read it or know what it related to . add to that , it looked like your not-so-talented uncle bob did them on his home brew computer . a complete embarrassment to the city .	706
0	probably the worst $ 15 i 've ever spent on food . even my coffee was horrible it was bitter and tasted old even though it was 7am and pretty busy . the best part was the staff the cute sweet blonde in the drive thru with blue nails was awesome if i ever come back to this place it will only be to see her ! i 'll just stick with every other breakfast and donut place around here cause this food was gross	618
0	this place is always crowded and sometimes it 's hard to find place to sit . ideally combos are good as you get soup , sandwich and fruit/chip . we ordered flatbread and mediterranean veggie sandwich and loved mediterranean more . also once you order coffee you get unlimited refills . so this place is good for meeting friends or family where time is not a constraint . over all i feel prices can be little cheaper .	251
1	just walked in and found my favorite girl apple that 's used to work at another spot i want to for a while . she 's awesome i 'm so happy i found her !	1322
1	we love the pizza here . only problem is they are so busy all the time . the server at our last visit forgot everything . we had to remind him several times for drinks , ranch and napkins . overall great pizza .	192
0	i would have given this restaurant zero stars if the app allowed it . this is a disgusting restaurant . you can find roaches lurching around the food . the 'clean ' dishes next to buffet items are mostly dirty . just look at the bottom of the plate . this restaurant should really be inspected by authorities .	135
0	never mind what i said in my last review . they are really rude here . they think it 's cute , but it 's dumb and cheap to act rude and weird with customers . like what are you doing ? if you hate your job and you hate the customers then bounce . they 're so awkward here . one time one girl was great . that 's it . i 'm done . i 'll go back though because they 're cheap .	2739
0	the chicken itself was nicely cooked and had a pretty tasty batter . in isolation , the chicken would get 3-4 stars . cornbread was delicious . the chocolate mole for dipping was completely off in texture and taste . the salad was extremely salty . oysters with popcorn chicken on them was a surpsingly alright combo but i doubt the popcorn chicken had any chicken in it . it was just batter . all in all , nothing ruined the night , but the food was n't great .	1043
1	if you are looking for a fancy comedy club , this is not the place . it 's a small little dive - but it 's affordable and the comedians are very enjoyable we 've been to a few shows - the service is good , the staff is friendly and we have enjoyed ourselves . it 's a fun night out !	42
1	grand cafeteria repas chinos , fast food , ambiance propre , tres bon service , bon repas , je peux retourner sans probleme .	851
1	the fastest branch in town . i was in and out in less than 2 minutes . clients like me appreciate good customer service . love this branch	3202
0	this has to be the biggest mistake we could have made ! ! ! we told this lady , curly brunette with a tattoo on her arm , who completely tortured our sons haircut . she had the audacity to say his haircut was done but did nothing we asked . i would not recommend coming here ! ! !	739
0	awful customer service . employees were neither knowledgeable or considerate . they have no concept of multitasking . very disappointing .	2020
1	thorough doctor , ordered an mri to make sure there were no issues beyond what he saw . explained the results well , encouraged me to keep going to physical therapy . it would have been better , however , had he sent me to physical therapy in the first place . i had decided it was needed , and so i just went of my own accord . but he did agree it was a good move on my part .	2175
0	i was here once , for a comic con . it was okay , i guess . the security was ridiculously over the top and the layout was a bit weird .	3028
0	after several months , i thought i 'd give joey 's another try just to be fair . what a mistake . food is limp and tasteless . place was empty , but service was still slow and poor . oh , and the price has gone up . as a matter of fact , i visit this center a few times a week , and joey 's is always empty . no mystery why .	242
0	hillary was the worst ... she was very rude , and not helpful . the store was nice , but the service was terrible and i will not be returning because of this .	1462
1	this intimate venue has hosted 2 of my favorite shows ! one year ago , i went for mushroomhead and discovered raven black . this year i went for mushroomhead and discovered kissing candicei the patrons were super cool and all seemed to share comradery . the staff was chill , and i totally felt comfortable bringing my teens to their first metal show last night ! i almost forgot the most important thing for a venue ... . the bathrooms were clean ! : - )	17
0	based on the reviews and the article in the magazine i expected to have great tasting pizza . i loved that it was thin crust but when i got it , it was soggy and not crispy at all . the pizza was cut and i use that word loosely because we had to get a knife and recut it in order to pull the slices apart . toppings was good and not skimpy . the pizza was ok not the best . i probably wo n't be back .	282
0	others seem to enjoy the restaurant , so maybe you will enjoy it , but ... my wife 's hotdog was warm rather than hot . it was also small compared to the bun . my cheeseburger was the same way . the root beer was close , but too sweet for both out tastes . i think that they spent too much effort on the decor and tvs and not enough on the food .	953
1	the stylists are wonderful and friendly ! affordable and the kids are always happy with their haircuts .	2522
1	the shaved ice is the bomb and it comes at a bombtastic price . although i 've eaten one myself before , it 's basically a meal . it 's definitely best shared with another person , which makes it even cheaper ! i 've never had anything else here but i do n't feel enticed to order anything on the menu . it looks pretty similar to any other bubble tea place to be honest . the service is n't great , but seriously , the shaved ice is worth the drive all the way here ! i 've tried 4-5 flavours and have yet to try everything else .	176
0	we came here for a fundraiser for our school . the pizzas are pretty small and bland . the salads are forgettable also .	1116
1	merveilleux et service impeccable ... bravo à notre serveur louis provost ... je t'adore et continu ton bon service ! ! : - )	77
1	i 've been using the pharmacy here for years . the staff is very friendly and helpful . they deliver my prescriptions on time and coordinate refills and any questions that need answering for me . i 've saved a ton of money using my cvs card and participating in the extra bucks promotions . i also do simple grocery shopping here and buy all my supplements during their awesome `` buy one get one free '' sales .	1039
0	well , we live in the area and looking forward to the re-opening of this restaurant after our daughter and son-in-law said it was good but very expensive . went tonight and the food was good - not great happy hour prices . my husband will only drink beefeater martinis . the drink was excellent but was $ 13 ! lower shelf gin and straight up with no vermouth is $ 13 . we can get it cheaper at upscale restaurants like the sanctuary ! the service was spotty . we had to engage 2 different bartenders for service . they are portraying themselves as an upscale restaurant yet the surrounding restaurants in same shopping center have much better service . would n't rush back	1529
0	this place is horrible . they always get your your order wrong . they have a `` do n't care '' attitude . this place should be shut down . where is the health department ? ? ? they give you coffee lids that are dirty and filled with bacteria . fyi-do not use their bathroom .	2902
1	this has got to be the most friendly efficient and stressless environment to ever have your car repaired . i pulled in without an appointment and was immediately greeted by the staff . they took the car in to evaluate an air conditioning problem . i had a previous shop quote me $ 450 to fix the issue . within 10 minutes they diagnosed the problem and it was less than a 20 dollar repair . they did the repair and i was out the door . i highly recommend them for all of your car service needs . i 've been a loyal customer for 10 years and have never had a bad experience	3379
1	great customer service and great choices in flooring . we are very happy with our purchase and love the look of our new flooring !	1403
0	a prescription was called in to my pharmacy for me . the doctor on the script was not one that i had ever seen ... ..and no one bothered to call me with my test results which might be why the medicine was prescribed ? i dont know . no one has ever called me with results . i dont know what i am being treated for and can not get through extremely long on hold to ask who the doctor is that prescribed medicine for me and for what condition i am being treated for .	513
0	bad experience with a female dentist there . i had a bad tooth ache going in , coming home with an even worst pain on my infected tooth . the female doctor there is lazy . she did a root canal for kids on me because it is a much easier procedure . i got charged `` full price '' , $ $ $ $ $ for adult root canal . afterwards , she send me home without antibiotics nor pain meds on my infected tooth . it was so painful that the horrible pain kept me up all night . i would not recommend her to anybody !	2304
1	i work near here so go quite a bit for lunch . i always have good food and the staff are great . i find it a little nicer than most bps . for lunch at a family restaurant i have no complaints .	280
1	it was the pink cowboy hat in the window that got my attention and glad i went in . you want hats ? this place has got them - all kinds , all sizes ! and that is good because one or two sizes does not fit all . plus they will measure your noggin to be sure . i was going to go for a red cowboy hat since it was holiday time but fell in love with this red top hat which i rocked through december . the hats were of good quality and they have a website where you can order them as well . cool place !	1181
0	horrible service . bland food . very surprised that so many people love this place . no napkin or silverware until my salad arrived . did n't ask for my drink order until my salad arrived . my salad had tofu . the description said nothing about tofu . my basil chicken was bland with a few tiny pieces of chicken . never asked if i enjoyed it . i suppose the plates being full was self - explanatory . thumbs down .	50
1	i went here today to upgrade to an iphone x . they were awesome to work with . they mirrored everything from my current phone to the new one . that saved me so much time and aggravation if i had to do it . they were very knowledgeable and friendly ! highly recommend !	2020
1	proabably my top place in markham to get my gel nails done . i never get chipping or anything like that . and they are always booked . it 's always good to book in advance . i 've tried walking in twice and got turned away . con : the pedicure station looks unclean . the staff are always changing .	1971
0	got a small coffee with cream and sugar . it tastes like bitter horrible sadness ... got a chocolate donut and they just threw it i . the bag with zero protection ... . just straight in the bag without the protective or napkin ... . weird experience ... said to have wasted money on this gross little coffee ... bathrooms are sparkling clean though .	618
1	love this shop ! i had n't been riding my bike in a while because it needed a serious tuneup , but the guys at spin did a better job than i could have dreamed . they even adjusted the handlebars to make it easier to ride with my one bad elbow . now i 'm commuting to work at least half of each week and loving it . thank you , spin , for bringing my bike back to life !	2414
0	i wanted to try this restaurant on saturday but was unable to do so because it was closed by the landlord due to non payment of rent . the location looks good and some of the pictures of the interior were encouraging . i assume that a well managed restaurant in this location should do well . obviously , i will have to await a new owner before i can eat here .	516
1	this place has the best breakfast sandwiches in town ! fresh , delicious sandwiches each time and wonderful staff always makes my day here !	477
0	we went there on sunday 8/26/18 and the workers all seemed like they were rushed and doing us a favor by even answering a question , kind of rude ... we got there at 2:00 pm and they were open until 4:00 pm will never do business with a company like that ! we went to floor360 and they along with carpets plus were so nice and friendly and we did n't feel rushed at all ...	3755
0	horrible office . the staff is beyond unprofessional and unorganized . the reception is a complete mess and dr. monroe is a bit delusional . my very first visit went very well at the old office . my next visit at the new location was every bit of a nightmare . i was ordered to have my blood taken ( 16 vials to be exact ) which 4 months later im still waiting on results . i was rescheduled a good 4 times , and have yet to see her . im still wondering what the reason for blood work was , when she is only my gyno . i will never return to this doctor . ladies beware .	3323
1	and another satisfied customer once again ! i feel so spoiled ! ! ! tell them nicolle w. sent ya & they will take care of you like a rockstar ! ! ?	3683
0	very bad service from the waitress . deleted last review by mistake . she wanted to sell us water for $ 5.50 and she was extremely rude . was there last week in september will not recommend this place to anyone the first time we went everything was cool bartender was young and super sweet i think her name was yes something like that . this waitress was there the first time i recognized her but we got our own drinks last time . this time we ordered and she was just horrible .	3751
1	this is a relatively new place . i was here for the soft opening and was impressed . the place is in full swing now and courtney said that they are playing around with a half off on tuesday concept . i will check in to test the waters , you should as well .	254
0	the scared and shaky manager and the uptight ass front desk pussy both need new careers.. cuz they literally do n't know what customer service is . bought their shitty cartridge , just to find out it does n't work with the palm after they let me buy it and drive 15 miles down the road . let 's just hope i do n't see these fools outside their job .	1375
1	wanted some sushi quick and fresh . went here today and the wonderful lady making the sushi create my order in no time and exactly the way i ordered . delicious - had salmon , tuna , mackerel and eel , added a mixed roll of the same fish . and when i asked for extra ginger , i got extra ginger !	3874
0	used to come to this place all the time lately the staff became extremely rude and in professional because i asked for a new needle because the dude came around with a bucket with it already semi opened . the needles sticking halfway out the protective plastic and since they refused to give me a new needle i walked out they literally were arguing trying to stick me with the needle that was already opened stay away . i then caught them laughing about it like they think it 's a joke this is very serious i 'm going to report to health department	1211
1	1st friday is cool . entrance is free , movies , special exhibits and drinks are extra . irene p. flinn theater hosted a guest speaker in regards to our colorado river shortage . planetarium art 360 was crazy the show was some wicked art display by bill dambrova dj playing all night , and adults having childhood flashbacks as they interact with the entire science center . do n't forget to validate your parking stub . today was a good day .	3891
1	i just experienced fantastic service with jordan for my cpx test . i have been a client here for over 20 years and i am always impressed at the service provided .	3349
1	this is what a nail salon should look like . cleanliness and genuine smiles is what i look for . i believe that you get what you pay for . even though it 's a bit pricier than other nail salons , you 'll be glad to spend the extra $ 15 . m one of the lead technicians name is holly . she has been my nail tech since last for over ten years does she still is for leah she was the day i details on match , and her effort to make you comfortable does n't go on ignored . i will be making this my regular nail salon from now on .	1834
0	really inept service . i placed a detailed ballon order 3 days in advance , and my husband went to pick up the order ( on time , not early ) -- it was n't ready , he did n't group them as specified on the order and he did n't bag them as specified on the order . what is the point of placing an order ahead if they ca n't even follow it ?	1882
1	my employer took our management team here to celebrate the end of the fiscal year . the food was pretty good . they put out a nice buffet with buffalo chicken wings and sliders , beef sliders , a couple other flavors of wings , and a veggie tray . the game itself was pretty fun . the best part was the staff . they were all energetic and helpful . they definitely contributed to the party atmosphere .	1483
0	if i could give zero stars i would ! 2 saturday 's in a row and this place is closed when clearly on their website , front door and yelp all state that this place would be open and no one is there , really wanted to give this place a chance since its within walking distance but i 'll drive the extra miles to another salon .	1033
0	not the type of restaurant i was expecting . order and seat yourself style . prices are low . taste is very bland - no spices , no seasoning . very american , no real mexican flavor to it . boring ! salsa bar is a great idea , but even that has no flavor . the hot salsa was more of a mild flavor . customer service is amazing though ! never had to get up to fill up my drink , constantly asking you if you need anything too . i probably would n't come here again , although i am glad i tried it , i would prefer to go somewhere with a little more flavor .	548
0	stopped in yesterday for an afternoon coffee . the place was filthy and it smelled like urine ( maybe it was because of all the homeless people hanging out inside ) . i walked out gagging and wishing i 'd gone elsewhere . step it up starbucks . cleanliness is n't just a health concern , it 's good customer service .	438
0	i 've been eating buffalo wings for years , i got a feather on one of my chicken wings . in my entire 15 years of eating wings i have never gotten a feather on a wing before . i sent for the manager to come out and he said `` it happens all the time here '' apparently feathers may be on any of your wings and this was not an isolated incident . we did end up receiving a 25 % discount on the whole order so not all was negative but i will not be going to buffalo wild wings any time soon . feathers just gross me out too much .	383
1	great place to get your morning coffee and donut fix ! came here weekly when teaching at mojave hs to get my donuts and coffee .	618
0	sad about the new seating set up . no comfy seats . one long table along the window . but the high tables block the seats there . sad face . : ( . love the people who work there though .	2950
0	the only thing you need to know from a recent health inspection report : birrieria obregon , phoenix '' employee was observed draining cooked shrimp liquid into the floor drain , dropping some shrimp on the ground , picking up the shrimp and placing it back into the basket with other cooked shrimp . ''	210
0	i got an iced coffee . really it was a cup of ice with milk and a dash of coffee . now i have to go to starbucks . oh ya . they also forgot my hash browns . not happy .	1532
1	we go here all the time for office lunches . typical pub food , great atmosphere , pool tables , friendly staff , could n't ask for anything better or closer .	1569
1	went there by recommendation of a dealership no less ( guy at the dealership was fabulous , too ) . the crew at meineke were the nicest , most helpful people ! ! ! even though they were closing ( i came in about a half hour before they closed ) , they still fixed my car because i was scheduled to travel back home . those guys rocked ! ! ! !	2040
0	i came in for just a hair cut/trim . i explained to the lady exactly what i needed . she ended up cutting my hair into two layers , first layer was by my ears and the other one was long , she completely ruined my hair . i ca n't evenly get my hair in a ponytail . i do n't recommend this place at all . does n't even deserve one star .	3482
1	i 've had children at this school since it opened in 2001 . it is a wonderful school . everyone is so caring and helpful . it 's like a big family ! my kids love it !	3102
0	while the facility is clean . that is the only positive statement i can provide . you get what you pay ( or do n't pay ) for . they nickel and dime you for everything and prepare to pay extra just to cancel . if they want recommendations and good reviews , they should probably hire people with better customer service and consider policies that promote value to a member . i would not recommend this gym . there are similar , great cost fitness gyms close by that offer more amenities , better fitness consultation , and seem to genuinely care about you as a person vs. your wallet .	641
0	this was the worst massage i 've ever had in my life . it 's was extremely clear that the masseuse had no knowledge of the human muscular system , any massage techniques , training or certification to actually perform a massage . immediately began to look up where i could get another massage while getting dressed . then charges for a 75min massage when only was in the room for an hour . on top of that it was expensive ... overall fail .	1883
0	i had to wait 45 min for my car . then the one i got smelled like ashtray so i requested another car . the car was really good , worked perfectly , no complaints there . access yo shuttle is not good . place is not with all other car rentals companies , about 5 min away . the price was competitive but for inconvenience it is not worth it to me . i doubt i will use it in the future .	3576
1	like others mention , it 's in a creepy little strip mail shopping center but the place is clean and decorated in kitchy chinese decor . service was very good . they provide a large `` pot '' of white rice family style for your table . i ordered the scallops and peapods . while the sauce and veggies were delicious the scallops were a little overdone and rubbery . i will go back and try something else . prices are reasonable and the portions are large . free hot tea with your meal and the egg rolls were very good . it 's not authentic chinese like wah-sun but it 's good enough for me .	1264
1	today he has blown me away with the awesome job he did in fixing my louis vuitton tote bag strap after my dog chewed and ripped it in half . gary saved me $ $ and time in what it would have taken the louis vuitton store to ship it away , wait 5-7 weeks , and pay top dollar for the repair . thanks gary ! ! ! it 's as good as new !	2114
0	the nice thing about this place is some of their gowns are very cheap . i saw a lot of gowns at around $ 500 . these are off the rack gowns at a discounted price , but not a very good selection . they are all in plastic covers which made it very difficult for us to pick and choose , especially when the salesperson just left us there ... . i 'm not sure why the salesperson had to tell me repeatedly she 's been in the business for many years . she was n't even there most of the time to help me in and out of the gowns . we left pretty quickly ... and probably wo n't return .	3394
0	nice staff but their services are quite expensive , especially if all you need is basic dental care .	3139
1	yum ! this place is great ! have been a few times now and the food is well seasoned and no 'weird/secret ' sauces to hide the flavor of the food . staff is efficient and very courteous . we 'll be back again soon .	640
0	could n't stand the unprofessionalism i just witnessed . had to walk out . some girl named griz and boy named omar . yes boys and girls . just like junior high . he does something she does n't like and she starts cussing at him like a drill sargent . in fact . after that the place cleared out . kids with adult jobs .	1006
0	this particular petsmart is for the birds ! it 's not very clean or organized . the aisles are very narrow . they do have a lot of aquarium items , including fresh water fish . would like to see them make it a little more user friendly . most petsmart 's are the same unfortunately .	2649
1	i do n't agree with the low star rating on here . i took my truck here because i needed to pass a smog and they let me know all the things i needed to take care of , but let me know which were smog related and which were not . i felt like these were very honest guys . i will be going here for everything from now on	1324
0	i 've given these guys a couple chances and both times they 've proven to be dishonest and lacking professional intelligence . do n't go to this location unless you want to be sold dirty cabin filters and have your alignment thrown on purpose or any other bs tricks they think they can get over on you . watch out for leo at the service counter . this guy has the audacity to lie directly to your face about what was , has and will need to be done while adding miscellaneous charges on . i 'm guessing this guy works on commission . bravo buddy . you lost another customer .	2146
1	the service is very slow , we need to find the waitress to order , the choice for dessert is limited , but the food is good , i tried fire-grilled salmon with jasmine rice , the salmon is tender and the plate is warm . the menu would be better if there are pictures on it . the atmosphere is relaxing .	643
0	food was fine . beer is cheap and a fairly good . ambiance is just ok. service was ok .	670
0	terrible company . no knowledge whatsoever . they took over my property and were able to turn all water features green . then they tell me they have to drain the pool for $ 150 . complete idiots .	1376
1	it 's actually nice for the price . the seats could do some updating but overall nice experience . it gets really packed so go early and hope you do n't sit next to loud people .	611
1	allegiant is my go to airline when i fly to las vegas . they are way cheaper than southwest to fly to vegas the only thing is travel light your allowed 1 carry on item . they charge for additional luggage . allegiant is a no frills airline they charge for snacks , beverages and alcohol . their flight attendants are pretty nice and most are attractive . . in the bay area all the las vegas flights leave out of stockton california 's airport . the cool thing is allegiant is the only airline at that airport . there is a subway sammich shop and a bar there . its a quaint little airport . plenty of parking also .	3127
1	i have been seeing dr peters for two months and the service , care and treatment is excellent . they have x-rays in the office as well as fitting for custom orthotics . i am a runner and plagued with plantar fasciitis . i picked dr peters because she also runs and she does indeed understand the aches and pains and needs of a runner . the staff is caring , compassionate , and always upbeat . i wish i had come sooner .	1977
0	when you actually get served staff is fine . food is fine . 40+ mins and it was dead to get food .	2505
0	not going into great detail . but i brought my car in for a problem i knew it had . they inspected the car and gave me an astronomically high quote on repair . the staff was very nice and place was clean and neat . i simply could not afford the price they gave . after continuing to research the repair needed and shopping around for quotes i know for a fact that these guys quoted double the going rate and what i ended up paying . anywho , there are a ton of great shops out there . and i 'm sure these guys are good too . but i ca n't justify paying double .	2047
0	if you 're looking for a doctors office avoid this one at all costs . multiple times the `` doctors '' have forgotten to do the things they say they are going to do . they never return phone calls ... ever . despite saying phone calls will be returned within 24 hours . they had a doctor leave the office in the summer and did n't feel the need to inform his patients that he was no longer working there . avoid this place at all costs .	590
1	nick came in to fix my garage door . as soon as i opened the door , he was upbeat , put me at ease ( i ve been stressing out so much because of it , my car was stuck in the garage all day and i could n't go anywhere ) on top of being such a cool guy , having such an amazing personality , and making my day , he did such an excellent job and so fast . if i could give 10 stars on here , i would ! : ) thank you so very much nick !	999
1	jessica was absolutely amazing ! although these town homes are a little out of my price range i wish i could move in just because of my visit with her . i was greeted immediately upon walking in from her and she took her time to go through all details with me seeing what my options were . throughout the tours she took me on through multiple apartments i felt like she was my friend because of how personable she was ! it is because of jessica i fell so in love with these townhouses/apartments !	3700
1	as a visitor from chicago and only experiencing one froyo joint -- i was looking forward to visiting yogurt land than any other activity we had planned . this is the reason why i will move to arizona . yogurt land has a very diverse set of yogurt flavors , and an array of toppings . for only $ .30/oz . it was so inexpensive for such a large amount of goodness ! they only have one bowl , so you determine the pricing . obviously , the more toppings/fro-yo you put , the more it 'll be ... but honestly who looks at price when you know you 're about to indulge in greatness ? go visit , please !	2581
1	i was a protester downtown when trump was speaking at the convention center . i thought the police did a great job of keeping everyone safe and and they were being respectful . at the end the few people threw bottles and rocks , and i thought the police responded appropriately .	2322
1	yummy breakfast before going to our cabana . crunch french toast is a must !	1299
1	i had the combination fried rice with level 1 spicy and it was really good . the soup that came with it was good too . staff was friendly and i liked the ambiance .	1361
1	such a fun spot for a date ! the breakfast bowl with extra fruity pebbles is my favorite .	3556
1	love this pediatric dr 's office . i 've been bringing my daughter here as her primary dr as well as my go to urgent care . the staff here are always friendly with smiles and the location is clean . there 's a fun outdoor playground for the kiddos to play while they wait to be called in . they have movies playing and two fish tanks inside which makes it look fun to be inside .	3893
1	i 've been here a few times . the place is clean , smells pleasant , little water fountain noises add to the relaxing ambiance . nice music , they offer a quiet room where you can have a cup of tea . i am always able to relax even while i 'm waiting for my appt . the young ladies that answer phones , make appts and greet clients are always pleasant . denise did my facial tonite . awesome ! annie is my choice for massage , she is incredible . i like this place !	1950
1	would recommend this establishment versus its alternatives & or competitors in commerce . its as good as it should be : philosophically expectation from anyone or anything is a fools predicament . what you get is exactly what allow , and whatever that is , assure yourself that it is exactly what you deserve . you have what you need , you must ; or you obviously do n't need it .	1913
0	plenty of room for improvement . ordered a beer , queso and table side guacamole . stay away from what they call queso . scorched , watery no cheese or meat -- -mess . nothing even similar to queso and taste more like canned chili water . beer was good ! ! ! will not return .	178
1	always friendly staff and the vibe is positive ! ! this location is always clean and very well kept .	2950
1	when you want a break from luce , toscana or fiamia ( all excellent italian restaurants ) and you crave italian food as you remember it from little italy in nyc . give mama mia a try . i had lunch here today and not only was my dish delicious but the lunch prices were real inexpensive , half the dishes were under $ 10 .	1224
0	do n't get me wrong , i like public storage but my rent keeps going up ! if it goes up again i 'm going to have to find something else , i ca n't afford their price increases every few months . when i signed up with them 3 years ago i was n't even paying $ 200/month and now i 'm paying $ 250/month . it 's ridiculous . do your research before renting with them , there 's got to be cheaper places to rent than public storage .	3288
0	i was so excited to try this place ! ! all the different donuts they had seemed so cool . i came on the second day and i ordered a `` little dirty '' . it was 3 dollars more to pick your own donuts , which is a little ridiculous . when i got home i bit into my cookie monster donut and it was so stale and incredibly dry . it was really disappointing . you would think that they would be super fresh seeing as they only had their doors open for a day ! it 's a cool experience , but it 's over priced and it was a major disappointment . wo n't be returning here .	2053
1	theresa s is great to work with . she keeps me on top of my toes ! ! she 's definitely a pleasure and is quick on communication when it comes to our renewals and service requests . she makes working them that much more.. tina lim is another great contact here . she goes over and beyond to help us when we 're in a bind ( after hours and emergency calls ) .. she 's awesome ! ! will continue to work with them as long as they wish to work with us ! ! thanks ladies for everything ! ! !	3653
0	do not eat here . entered with three employees dillydallying . undercooked chicken and shrimp . told me to throw it away and wait to the side . took 30 minutes to process credit card refund . unapologetic .	623
0	do not buy from earnhardt san tan hyundai ! ! they sold us a lemon . had our used car from them one day when our cars version of a `` check engine light '' came on . they `` fixed the issue '' and 20 or so miles later it was back . after fighting them they agreed to fix what they believed the issue was . they once again `` fixed it '' and here we are with the third time the light has come back on only 30 miles after the `` fix '' . what 's thier response to these issues ? `` well you bought a used car '' .	3041
1	i was here visiting my daughter that goes to asu and noticed that she needed an oil change and knew that her car was ok i was in and out in 20 minutes great service , and best of all is not like other places that try to push for you to buys added things that are needed they did a great job and i highly recommend this location very friendly staff as well	3092
0	we were fooled by the guy who left the review saying it was the best pizza in montreal . that is not true . we had the vegetarian . it was terrible . watery . the best pert was when we added hot sauce to it . blech .	411
0	always had great food here except today - their cleanness is of major concern ... found a strand of hair in my drink . i 'm willing to pay more for organic food , but who knows how they are handled ... prob wo n't return again .	1417
0	congratulations alaska airlines . after not allowing me to check in online you denied me a ticket because i was one minute past the cutoff . i fly all over the world and this happens occasionally but i have never been denied . so i will sleep in the airport tonight when a bit of caring by your personnel could have avoided this . i have flown with you whenever possible but never again . my fault for not knowing the shuttle uses were dedicated to specific terminals	2400
1	great inexpensive quality breakfast and bottom mimosas . fresh berries . excellent bacon . great music . free wifi . people watching . perfect view for bellagio fountain ! worked here for several hours .	3722
1	took a few shirts here the other day . $ 2.75 for most items , turnaround is about two days . they even got some dye stains out of silk !	3032
1	visit this location regularly . we 've also had 2 birthday parties here as well in the last 3 years . its reasonably priced , extremely kid friendly/focused and the food is pretty good considering who their primary demographic and clientele are . our experience with the staff has been great and they have been extremely helpful , accommodating and easy to work with , particularly during the 2 birthday celebrations . i believe you get what you pay for here and the great customer service is simply the cherry on top .	1283
1	delish . best meal i 've had in a long time . great service . fun atmosphere , the best deserts . blt bruschetta was amazing . will visit again for sure .	1160
0	bagels are the only decent thing they sell here .. i 'm very suprised they did n't get closed down for being filthy in the kitchen and serving spoiled salads . wow , they have a bar now , big deal . is this a bagel store or a bar ... should focus on one thing .	325
0	had the worst customer service ever by a tim who pretty much tried to stare me down because i asked him a question about the wait . i was already in line so he puts me back in the end as if i just came in . i ca n't wait to leave cox alone due to their awful attitudes. ! ! ! !	2633
1	first off , the staff is very knowledgable and helpful . so many items in this store that i ca n't find in other hardware stores . very convenient location on the way to work . the prices are a bit high . sometimes tools are worth spending a little extra money on .	3086
1	i was always a mcdonalds person , the burgers are better out here . but this sweet thing that kid did for me made me a wendy 's person today , i told him i need a bag , he gave me a whole cardboard box , i swear that kid was so sweet , i then told him i just need a takeaway bag . my first yelp review goes out to you my friend . cheers . you are the reason i 'm becoming a wendy 's guy . i will edit this review the next time i come and ask for your name .	1199
0	i went in for my usual oil change service . the crew as different , new manager and counter help . they completed the oil change attempted to get $ 448.00 out of me for a service they were recommending that was needed and asap . they lied about what was needed and what was completed along with the oil change . avoid this place at all cost ! ! ! ! ! liars , cheaters and thieves ! ! ! !	1324
1	wonderful experience at texas roadhouse with friends tonight ! our server melissa was friendly and attentive , and everything was cooked as ordered and even though it was busy we got everything very fast . highly recommend	1491
0	been coming here for years . new management has no clue how to train the brats they hire at the front desk . manager decided to take me a customer to task for being rude to her receptionist . have you ever given your business to a place that berates you in the middle of the store in front of her employees and customers ? ? ? like i 'm a child with this brat in the background laughing . as a manager i 've never disciplined my employees in public . complete lack of professionalism and what a great pay back for years of business . if she did n't get the clue her perfect little brat cost her a customer . such a shame	1148
1	headed to molly malone 's after a disappointing yardhouse experience tonight . on my own looking for a pint and meal . greeted with great professional service , meal and baseball game . well done - well managed !	1679
0	this is the worst bar i have ever been to . extremely ghetto . no service . and uncomfortable waitress . i went there to watch a basketball game . took almost 30 mins to be asked if i wanted something . approached to bar to be greeted by the worst waitress i have ever met . she apparently had her boyfriend or friends their and was chatting with them most of the night . i ended up leaving . i am a utsc grad student and hope to god no one from the school goes there . stay away .	3432
1	outstanding . tip : have a budget before you visit , because you will find all kinds of handy items here that you never in your entire life imagined that you needed - and absolutely right there and then had to have . on the staff : in my experience the staff is largely old school , knowledgeable and most helpful if treated with courtesy and respect ; this seems to be a challenge and way too real for several of the yelp reviewers who appear to be of extremely delicate sensibility .	3086
1	my nails are always well taken care of at urban nails . all the staff is welcoming and nice . the place is always packed but i always seem to manage to get them done without an appointment . 10/10 would recommend .	3247
0	the young girl who works here with faux dreads is a total loser . is this your first job ? learn how to speak to people . her condescending tone and snarky comments are uncalled for . clearly she has no friends . no life . no aspirations . she needs an attitude check . anyways . its a great store . avoid this sales person as much as you can . walk around and enjoy the crafty beads . when i go i avoid this chick and cash out as quick as possible .	2445
1	love camp bow wow , taken both my dogs here for some energy burn off , and a 3 day camp . they 're great and staff really enjoys the dogs who come	3745
0	je ne repousserai plus : le goût est correct mais pas mieux que shi tang , pas de breuvage chaud , et pas assez pour moi . après de mangé , j'achète un gâteau de pâtisserie en face à ajouter .	851
0	bought furniture here several years ago . now it seems really cheap . does n't even look like wood anymore , wood looks really fake .	1998
0	the reviews left by paul and grace are n't authentic . paul and grace : this location has n't been open for 4 years and there has never been a location at alma school . this is the worst dunkin donuts ever . even my out of town guests asked for a refund today . waited at the counter for what seemed like an eternity because they only service the drive thru . then the coffee was cold and they got the other person 's order wrong . where is the owner of this place ? where is a manager ?	1532
0	called to check for an item and got the response : `` we do n't have that , you should try a supercenter walmart . '' decided not to bother pursuing the discussion at that point	3810
0	went here on an early sunday morning . my chicken was fried in old grease . i could taste it and the waffle was bland . the doors were closed as they began cooking , so it filled the entire restaurant with smoke . we had to wait outside . the portions are large just not very tasty . the staff was great .	580
0	this place never has what i 'm looking for , their prices are high and the employees tend to ignore you . i 'm officially done with this place . a one star business will no longer get structured sentences filled with witty comments . i think i have said enough . just go down the street to office max or try your luck at target .	3587
0	i 've been going here for almost 9 years now . the food has definitely changed . everything from the egg rolls , fried rice , to the sweet and sour chicken . it 's all different , and not for the better . very disappointing .	829
0	this car rental place is horrible . we reserved the car on expedia and the total was $ 280 . when we returned the car they added in an extra $ 200 for what was the extra driver . i 've never been charged for an extra driver . the car had a horrible ear piercing sound in the upper right window area and when we reported it they said they took note but did nothing about it . i will never rent from this place again and will stick with enterprise who actually cares about the customer experience instead of ripping off the consumer . # paylesscarrentalyousuck	3595
0	if i could give this place zero stars i would.the new spot is nice that 's the only reason it gets one star . the servers are so crabby . the food is terrible ! you can get a way better meal in the food court and better service ... save your $	892
1	the movie theater was n't open yet this morning and we saw that the ranch house was . we were pleasantly surprised that we could get breakfast and it was good . love the texas toast that was served with our eggs and tater tots . the place was filling up today and we still had great service , friendly conversation , and our glasses were constantly filled . we will be going back to try lunch/dinner..so convenient right by rave movie theater . the service was great ! !	341
0	cdc did a great job several years ago . now i have questions about the operation of my spa . do you think i could get anyone to call me back . no follow through , once they are finished with the job , that 's the last time you can get a response from them .	659
1	awesome club my boyfriend and i went there and the staff is very accommodating . girls were friendly and made us feel comfortable . def . reccomend	1779
1	we have been going to twisted rose since it opened . we have enjoyed many unique and delicious meals with a variety of wines they offer . there is always something different to try and the staff is tops and welcoming ! it is a great place to be able to wind down at the end of a busy day , or to have a delightful dinner for two or with friends . we wish them years of success !	967
1	food is alright . i ordered katsu burger and my bf ordered tamago . while mine was over fried and salty , my bf 's tamago was really delicious . they get really creative with their restaurant such as asking for a funny nickname when ordering . but always it takes forever for food to come out . so if you are getting food here , plan at least 30 to 40 minutes in advance .	964
0	i 've only been here once and it was n't a great experience . i took my boy in for a hair cut just before school started . i asked for a one on the sides and the back up to the crown . although it was cut correctly , the issue was the hair cut was uneven and their were parts of the back of his head where the hair was longer than a one . i should have inspected it before we left but i honestly did n't think you could mess up a `` one '' . i saw it when i got him home and then just evened it up myself . one bonus ... they are open on sundays .	1058
1	my favorite sea food spot ! i always get the shrimp cocktail special which is 2 cocktails for $ 15 ( everyday ) ... the size of the cocktail is generous & loaded with fresh shrimp & delicious avocado . another favorite is the tamarindo water & the fish tacos which are huge and very flavorful .	571
1	this starbucks is super cute and quaint ! nuzzled next to an att store . the cashier was kind and helpful ! do n't like that to get discounts i have to buy a gift card of 5 dollars on top of my purchase already . cup of coffee was piping hot and soon to be consumed !	2893
0	the staff is unprofessional , they talk about drama in front customers . i went there with another person during walk in wednesday promo and walk right out . the place is ghetto and dirty all together unpleasant to see . with the amount of money you have to spend to get ur hair done you would think they would at least clean the place up a bit . i do n't even want to go there with the bathroom . urine every where . unsanitary . do n't believe me see for yourself . i would not spend a penny in that place.there are way better salons in phoenix do n't waste your money in luxe appeal .	1935
0	i was in and out relatively quick , only an hour on a late saturday morning . however , the customer service was horrendous . when i pulled my car up i was told an oil change would be $ 41 . then , after they had already gone through and inspected my car i was told it would be $ 65 for high mileage oil . i feel completely ripped off and will never be returning here . i should have been told upfront that the price varies based on the oil , especially since i drive an obviously older vehicle that is more likely to require the high mileage oil .	2881
0	aranya is ok . the lunch special offers about 10 or 15 choices including several curries , pad thai , and kung pao , or cashew nut to name a few . it is $ 8 for chicken and includes a soda . this is a little pricier than other lunch specials and frankly , not as good . i 've definitely experienced better thai food for a better price . that said , it is a cute place , with nice service .	1366
1	always clean . good deals they could use some more help on the check outs . but best place to shop in the area	1097
0	robaina and kresin will rob you of $ 280 . they only make money on consultation fees , apparently . from their words and actions , they know nothing about employment law , at least to the benefit of the employee . the employee is the most under-represented as they can not afford big attorneys and do not have knowledge required to navigate the legal system . shame on this firm for taking advantage of victims .	529
1	awesome sandwiches for great value . spacious seating for our daughter . perfect lunch spot after visiting the railroad park !	1387
0	are you kidding me ! had an appointment for 11:15 . now , granted i was 5 minutes late . dr. wolfson had left for the day ! ! ! the receptionist was completely rude and said ... be here on time ! i asked , what time did he leave and she said about 11:05 . my appointment was 11:15 . what the hell is wrong with you people ? candace ? how much were you paid for your review ? because there is no way that is an accurate review without you being compensated ! stay away from here ! i will tell any one who will listen to avoid this place and this `` so called '' doctor !	3321
1	it was so fun ! our tour guide vanessa was amazing , everyone had such a great time ! made memories to last a lifetime that 's for sure .	2122
0	the school is small , promises an excellent education . teachers are lacking , not a happy friendly atmosphere , kids are treated harshly . bullying is rampant and nothing is done to remedy . teachers in the school have their own kids attending the school , and are receive special treatment . teacher bullies and belittled child in front of others in the class , this is unacceptable ! ! they advertise for student recruitment , because of large turnover of parents removing their kids from the school .	2640
0	this place sucks ! getting a haircut should n't be an all day event ... the dudes in there all gossip like little bitches they only know how to do 1 style of cuts ... .was there a few months back will never return when i 'm back in vegas ... if you want a fade or taper look elsewhere these guys will eff your hair up !	3574
0	wow been to starbucks from east to west coast including hawaii . employee carolina was rude and nasty . this girl should not be working in customer service .	683
0	it 's like buying a used car ! read the menu carefully , you will end up paying extra for every little thing . a tablespoon of onion will cost you .80 cents ! surprising cheese is a lot cheaper than a little bit of onion ! do n't trust your waitress ! pitiful ! ! the hash browns were nasty , tasted like really old expired oil ! i would not recommend this place !	213
0	rude ! i dropped off some textbooks , gave them my number , and left to run errands . i got lectured by a young girl with blonde hair and glasses that i was not allowed to leave the store . excuse me ? she said i was gone for hours . i was gone an hour . deal with it . these people need to learn some customer service skills ! ! ! ! ! i actually was the manager of a book store a few years ago . i would never dream of speaking to customers that way ! ! ! ! i will not be back .	836
1	my boyfriend and i were in town for the cavs game saturday night and unfortunately we forgot to make a reservation at a restaurant so we ended up wandering around the area trying to find food . we walked into house of blues and immediately snagged two bar seats right away . both bartenders were extremely professional , efficient and welcoming . we got drinks and food efficiently and all of it was excellent . the sweet potato fries , bbq burger , and pulled pork sandwich were exactly what we needed before going to the game . it was great food and a great atmosphere !	1129
0	for some reason , this target store did not impress me . they had a very poor selection of clothing in all areas . i would recommend the target at 43rd ave & peoria . we were only here because we had a $ 50 gift card otherwise i never go to target as their prices are slightly higher anyway .	3355
1	excellent ! le décor est chaleureux et les assiettes très appétissantes . bon rapport qualité prix aussi.. j ' y retournerai sans hésiter !	628
1	fast and efficient service . good customer service as well . had to have battery exchanged and i was in and out with no hassle in a reasonable amount of time .	2141
0	horrendous customer service . i ordered a new clasp over 8 weeks ago and after waiting so long i decided to call to get more information and apparently an employee cancelled my request and failed to notify me . i was told this replacement was only supposed to take 4-6 weeks . each time i called to check the status the employees were very rude and did not help in anyway . will never spend my money here again .	1493
0	no bueno.. sorry . customer service not friendly at all . we did get a welcome at least . best asada fries my foot . i order asada ( steak ) but the asada felt like rubber bands . pastor tacos so so , but tortillas hard . the only good thing was the salsas . i really do n't think i 'm coming back .	857
1	went to see the exhibit `` killer heels '' and was greatly surprised . the shoes that were there were breathtaking for a real show lover like me . everything from classic pravda to crazy lady gaga shoes . it was a great girls day on a hot day . : )	3461
0	three weeks out for an appt re : a yeast infection . it 's time to hire some more docs or cut back on the amount of patients you 're taking in .	1281
0	ally and the owner were the ones who did my pedicure and manicure . later this week less than 5 days after my service my manicure that was gel started to peel off and lift which is n't supposed to do so . my pedicure which is gel is lifting . it 's a complete disappointment and a waste of money which was expensive for a poor job done .	3831
0	i go to a different lvac 3 times a week but today i came here with a friend ; the gym itself is awesome but the kids playroom was a disaster . the kid jungle gym was closed so they had almost 50 kids clamoring over a couple computers and a movie ; it was so uncool . my kid was bored and called me after 20 minutes so no real workout for me . with this place being shiny and new you would think they would keep on their equipment .	3268
0	do n't be fool by the flashy look of the gym . their corporate office is horrible ! customer service is horrible ! i cancelled my membership after 2 year contract was over but i just paid for the last month . they would not let me finish out the month i just paid for . that 's some # bullshit ! ! ! there are better gyms around ! never again in my life would i sign up for this gym ! ! !	3268
0	if i could give it zero stars i would . first of all i 'm from new york and this is the worst blt i 've ever had . you would think for $ 13 that it would taste delicious . i 'm amazed that you could mess up a blt that bad and charge that much ! in manhattan i could get a blt for 6 dollars at a high end bagel store . it 's not even the price because if it 's delicious you spend to eat good but it was just atrocious ! ! !	325
0	do not eat here ! ! ! the food is cold ! health department should shut this place down . came in for lunch saturday and spent $ 15.95 for cold disgusting chinese food which is no different from any other $ 5.99 chinese buffet . complained to our server that the food was cold , he nicely went to tell a manager . 10 minutes later a manager , james comes over with an attitude that he knew the food was cold and didnt really care . no discount , or and help trying to fix the food problem . what a rip off $ 40 for a cold lunch stay away ! !	165
1	have been here many times and we love the food . consistently good food and service , and their take out service is fast . the butternut squash soup is amazing and the flatbreads are big enough for two to share . for appetizers try the truffle fries and the coconut curry mussels , you will likely not be disappointed . their menu changes occasionally , so the bahn mi which i enjoyed is gone but in place are tacos that leave you satisfied .	951
0	i had a cappuccino here on a quick trip to phoenix -- unfortunately , it was a letdown . though it was n't overly milky , the espresso was very burnt/bitter , and the milk tasted a bit scalded . perhaps worse , however , were the baristas , who were pretty unfriendly . the baristas were also playing very loud and obnoxious music ( not something i would normally care about/notice -- it sounded like techno remixes of folk pop songs ) . the space is really cute and the pastries look tasty . hopefully i just caught them on an off day !	362
0	this old man does n't know a thing about owning a business . i came in to see what he had in stock and was met with a rude attitude for no reason . he said if you 're not ready to buy then come back like how am i supposed to make a decision in 1 minute of walking in wtf . so he then just starts to act rude and i tell him wow you do n't know a thing about customer service and he started being irate . i do n't k ow how this shameful man is in business but i have posted some of the video that i took during this encounter .	3156
0	not a fan . went in to grab some snacks for the drive home to vegas , hoping to grab a bunch of local breads , cheeses , and other little things but the store is tiny and selection is dismal . produce area barely had anything in it , half of store seemed to be supplements and beauty products . i would have rather gone to sprouts and spent less for better selection . the locally made tamales looked like a good deal , would have preferred they not be frozen . i do like that there 's a coffee shop counter in the back , but no one seemed to be keeping an eye on the area so i got a drink elsewhere .	2488
1	such a cute little place ! they even has halloween decorations which made it even more fun . ashley was fabulous and listened to what i wanted and did even better than i asked ! definitely will be coming back : )	3474
1	we got a great deal on the room so that made it totally worth it . slide was super fun and room was big and comfy . they were very busy and crowded due to a convention going on so they seemed kinda short staffed but that was the only issue we ran into ! great hotel over all , very nice and professional staff . free starbucks coffee in the room and a mini fridge .	3166
1	i had my toenails done by vinh , the only male working there , and he 's absolutely fantastic . very professional , kind , patient and also a great person to have a conversation with . great experience , will definitely go back and ask for him specifically .	2390
0	terrible , rude , incompetent people . the manager there , amy , ca n't put in a simple groupon . she is one of the stupidest people i 've ever had the displeasure of interacting with - not only as a customer , but throughout my entire life . also , the woman who did my massage was just creepy , non-communicative , and did n't use any lotion ! my back is raw ! i 'll be going to massage envy for my next massage .	2791
0	i walked into this establishment today with high hopes and lots of expectations as it came highly recommended by people that have used teas from this place before . i walked it not knowing exactly who worked there and not being greeted . after about 15 min or of looking around the tea area i asked who i guessed was one of the workers of the place `` do you work here '' to have a reply of `` yes but i have three people in front of you `` ... with that i said i would go . i left ... i guess it was too busy for just a little bit of customer service . best advice..customer service will go a looooooooong way .	881
1	best asian food ever . we live in mesa and still drive to chandler to get this wonderful food . the owner and employees are always kind and friendly . love this place .	474
1	i ordered from # 1 brother 's to try it again . they are back on their game . the pizza was hot , cheese was melty , and it is just plain good . so happy the last time was just an one off mistake . thank goodness . my husband was about to ban us from this place . love the think pizza and crust .	773
0	worst customer service ever nothing works spent over 15k to find out he illegally installed gas lines that were not appropriate now i have to pay a real company thousands to fix his mistakes . they would never return my calls after they did the horrible work ! i would never refer them to do anything ! ! ! ! ! !	1024
1	i love this hotel on the inside , it 's spacious and beautiful . the rooms are clean , decently sized , and bright . the staff is friendly and helpful , and handled all requests as quickly as possible ( we ran into an issue with our keys and also required a room change during our stay . on the outside , the hotel is conveniently located near transportation , eateries , and nightlife . what more can one ask for ? i 'd certainly stay at this hotel again if ever back in town .	1690
0	unfortunately made an appointment february 23rd for a general cleaning and exam . showed up on my designated appointment date and time and was advised that an appointment was not made . was told they do n't have anything available for the day although they have a sign out front stating they do emergency dental . was told they could do a consult although there is no reason to do a consult for a general cleaning and exam . if you make an appointment here i would suggest following up to make sure there is an actual appointment .	2439
0	i 'm giving them an extra star because their store was nice , well kept and full of cute candies . i walked in yesterday but was not greeted by anyone at all . i was really interested in their candies and was ready to throw $ 6 lol . because there was a lot of selection , i was n't sure what was good . i saw a sales associate , but she was just standing there and there were two other customers , and she ended up helping them instead . so i just left . i really want to visit again though , because damn those candies look tempting .	1826
0	okay , rollins is convenient but i went in today and i saw two other dudes searching the store for essentials and i think all three of us avoided the produce section this morning , everything just looked old and just about to slide over into rotten . basically , the store needs some better turnover in its produce . now the meat section , still one of the best deals in town but produce , rollins , produce..at least make it somewhat attractive ! i wanted a cantaloupe for breakfast but the two they had in the produce section were just too far gone to be appealing , which is too bad .	3764
0	if you 're too stupid to count to three , then you should n't be serving , taking orders or cooking even fast food . there are two orders for egg rolls-1 piece and 3 piece ... how hard is that ? ? morons . and you idiots are crying for $ 15 an hour ? ? how the hell would you know the difference considering you ca n't count to 3 ? !	295
1	i got the perfect cut over the weekend at skullz . skullz also does n't accept tips , but instead gives it 's stylists perks for hawking $ 50 worth of high end hair products at the end of your cut . that being said , i will certainly stomach the hit to my wallet , and go back to skullz the next time i need a trim . the stylists are friendly , talkative , and get results that warrant the price tag .	2292
1	first of all , the inside is super clean and organized . they have beautiful cakes on the walls where you can see their talent . the ladies working there were also very fun and bubbly and were a pleasure to talk to . i was just there to pick up my birthday cake and wow was i impressed ! it was absolutely gorgeous and exactly what i wanted ! i will definitely come back and order more goodies !	981
0	the wine bar is a scam . you have to preload a card ( pay in advance ) and it 's not possible to get your moneys worth when they have preset pours/prices . the staff was rude and would n't help when we were clearly having issues with the system . food came out slow when we were the only people in the restaurant . we were excited to try but needless to say wo n't be going back .	712
1	best catfish in town . good country style restaurant and decent service . i 'll be back and back and back .	1542
0	i took my iphone 6 here & it came out horrible . the whole corner was coming off & i took it back to get it refixed . the gentlemen was very unprofessional & even the second time it ruined my phone . i paid almost 150 to just have my phone be completely useless . i had to just go get another one . i would not recommend this place .	2918
1	absolutely love love love this place . the staff is so friendly the atmosphere is glamorous my manicure and pedicure turned out so well ... .. but the chair that i sat in during the pedicure was the best ! ! ! ! my experience was nothing less than positive	1288
0	the rooftop is nice but i think i had worst burger of my life . the bun was so thick meat was n't fresh and i could n't believe that a burger could taste this bad . i also tried my friend chicken and ceviche and no one was happy with it . i hope this patio improves their food or else they will be another business that will die down .	1583
1	i loooove this place . i always get their banh mi with egg and some juice or smoothie . they have the best drinks and the presentation is amazing . they add fresh fruit to the top and little pieces in your juice , seriously so refreshing and delicious . they also have boba tea which is nice but i personally am not a huge fan . they also have smaller plates with popcorn shrimp , fries , sweet potato fries . a lot of people come here to do homework and relax . they have a little couch area in the corner .	1301
0	price is reasonable , service is good , food average . i eat at alot of thai restaurants but this pud thai is drenched in a soup like very sweet sauce that does n't resemble the flavor or texture of authentic pud thai . otherwise everything else is average .	895
1	love this place ! ! ! staff friendly and food fresh and delicious . you guys franchising ? ? dave b .	1474
0	just a note to everyone that stays at this hotel especially michelle if you stay at this hotel or any hotel and the sheets or covers are stained that is a sign of bed bugs we had that experience at this hotel	1244
0	came to just get a quick polish change and a massage since i just got a pedicure and did n't need anything trimmed . i was in the area and needed to kill some time so i asked if she could just do that . the lady said no . just a polish change and no massage . so you would rather not have my business at all then give me a few dollars off of the price of a full pedicure ? ! i even asked her if she could just give me a special price for just that . she said no ... .poor business skills	3732
1	this place is only as good as the waiter who serves you . let me explain , when you go , you must sit at the bar to watch the chefs make your food . if you sit across from a pleasant chef , you 'll be entertained , have great conversation , and receive great food/service . i 've been twice before , and that was my experience . on my most recent visit , the chef who was across from me , serving up the clam dishes on the stove next to the bar , was a little sour , and seemed to be mad at the world . the food is good . my favorite dish is the seafood charlotte .	603
0	in forty years of driving i have purchased about 15 new vehicles . some buying experiences were better than others but santan hyundai was the worst i 've ever had . they have very misleading prices on the internet that they only provide after getting personal contact information . however , the online pricing bears no resemblance to the actual pricing once you get to the dealer . they add thousands of dollars of dealer `` options '' like paint protector and other questionable items that they wo n't remove . i would never return to this dealer .	3041
1	great sale ! 40 % off everything in the store today-saturday . great selection , helpfully associates .	212
1	i feel this update is the right thing to do and here is why : the practice manager reached out to set up a meeting with himself , dr. turner , and myself . we were able to have an adult conversation and come to a resolution . i do appreciate having the opportunity to explain my side of the story . the reason for only 4 stars is that i think interoffice communications could be improved upon . thank you again brian and dr. turner	3349
0	i used to go to this place at least 2 to 3 times a month . today , when i called to make an appointment with specific person , i was told the person was available . when i got there , i was told she was not going to come in today . the old asian guy is nothing but a liar . i walked out and will never go back there . holly just lost her customer because of how i was treated . no wonder this place is always empty and their technicians are seating around doing nothing ! ! ! !	100
1	i 'm at a loss for words how anybody can dispute the quality of the product at main street cupcakes . i do agree that the selection rotates , but the flip-side of that is they 'll make any flavor you want if you call them the day before . this is anything but grocery store quality .	2335
1	really nice quality chicken . mountain of fries . tiny but delicious salad . big old roll . $ 8 . you can feed your family very affordably here ! definitely give this place a try . i would say that the flavour of their chicken varies but is very nice and clean . toooo many fries but if you are into that go for it . i want to try their baked goods soon . recommended . try maybe to call ahead- they have a separate line for those who have pre-ordered . might be a way to avoid the lines !	1109
1	nice friendly service . kinda hard to spot with the construction going on in the plaza . i ordered a simple large frozen caramel frapp that was delicious . i 'll definitely stop by again and try some other treats .	133
0	there is a woman by the name of shanda that is employed here , that is the most rude , and ignorant woman i have experienced . she says she will call back , and never does , and then when you do get ahold of her , she 's short on the phone with you and responds `` not a problem `` and slams the phone down . saying `` not a problem `` is already rude enough , but to hang up abruptly is just horrible customer service . rethink your `` career '' rude lady .	1819
1	i 'm just visiting las vegas from hawaii and i 've got to say that this nail salon was pretty good and not to mention good pricing ! if i did my nails like this back home they 'd probably charge me so much . i forgot to ask the name of the nail technician but it seemed like she was the owner but overall my experience here was great . she also told me what to tell my nail salon back home if i wanted to fill it .	655
1	had a very nice experience at oi . the service was excellent . the food was excellent from the lemon chicken soup to the chicken tika masala . they even served us a wrong dish with our meal and was nice enough to let us keep it and it was really delicious . just a wonderful experience all around !	600
0	what a total fraud and rip off insurance company . our car was rear ended while sitting at a traffic light . usaa claimed 100 percent of the fault . however we were offered about 2/3 of the value of our car . a call to dispute their total loss figure went nowhere . now i 'm told that our rental car needs to be returned today . i have yet to receive the funds for the car . i am without a car and no funds to replace it as yet . if you 're in an accident that 's no fault of your own and you are forced to deal with usaa call a lawyer and get ready to get screwed .	3429
0	the highlight of this place is that you can customize your burger with a large selection of normal and exotic meats and toppings ( ie . elk , duck , etc ) . i was excited to try my wild boar burger , but it was disappointing . the meat tasted incredibly dry and the bread left a stale feeling in my mouth . our server was attentive for the first little bit but disappeared midway through our meal . although i do n't like going to another server , i had to ask our neighbouring table 's server for more water to wash out the over greasy taste of their fries . i should have gone to the works instead !	1417
0	the label of chinese food is misleading . i can not eat thai and some chnese due to chili and cayenne use . i was stuck with an appetizer for dinner . the chicken wrap was cooked with a lot of filler , so it was far from what i was looking for to sate my cravings .	1203
0	pretty sketchy location . lists prices in metric and gives you a metre stick to measure with and then ( illegally ) charges you by the foot , hoping you would n't notice . person behind the counter was pretty evasive about this and initially would n't give a clear answer until pressed on it . ca n't trust this place ...	2586
1	this was my first time flying with allegiant air and my flight was amazing . the flight attendants was helpful , nice and always checked on us . i wish we got the seat that has only 2 seats , because the leg room was better . i enjoyed my flight and i 'll fly again on allegiant air .	3127
1	i loved the flavor and all the suggestions they make . also the boosts are awesome too , but i do feel it 's a shade overpriced . otherwise great for a pick me up !	3223
0	wait was super long and when i asked if they would call me 15 min out of my appt she said no that she was all by herself yet i heard her calling customers who had made an appt back to make sure there were going to make it . 1.5-2 hour waits . cust service not friendly . a place u dread to have to go . understaffed in all areas . i would never come back .	3523
1	finally , a dd close to me ! hands down my favorite coffee shop . in terms of tastes and value , it 's the best . if you buy their reususable cup it 's only $ 1 for refills - hot or iced . some other items i like : egg white veggie wrap , hash browns ( it 's seasoned with herbs ) & coffee cake muffin . not really a fan of their donuts but occasionally will cave for the toasted coconut donut .	1770
1	in addition to my grocery shopping , i spent almost 20 minutes just looking thru and reading all of their sunscreen products . even though i asked multiple questions during that time all of the clerks were very kind , attentive and informative ! it was a wonderful experience and with their help , i even found exactly what i wanted .	3874
0	this pharmacy is the most unprofessional and inept pharmacy i ever went to . do yourself a favor and go across the street to walgreens and get your rx done professional and done right the first time.. not like me having to go back 3 times and still wrong ... and they have the to tell me to come inside as i am taking too long ... go to walgreens and save yourself a lot of grief .	3583
0	they sell costco cookies and stale danishes . slow to make egg salad sandwich . should have gone across street to subway for a sandwich . servers were cordial .	3684
0	after 4 years , i decided to give buldogis another try . i only went myself because of the 45 minute wait fiasco last time . well , nothing has changed . it took 40 minutes to get 2 hot dogs . the wait when they are busy is ridiculous . the food is fine but i can not bring myself to come back . my biggest issue is that when i wrote my first review , i was offered free hot dogs for me , my wife , and son to give it another try and that never happened . slow and does n't keep to their word . avoid ! ! !	1566
1	finally selling my favorite korean drink , soju , now . all the food are delicious and up to my la koreatown taste and quality . deep fried chicken gizzards , bossam and spicy crispy chicken were great . you ca n't go wrong with their spicy menu selection . i saw that i can order from home using one of those apps so i will probably start ordering from home .	1122
1	so the location is n't great , but the service i got was outstanding . my bike 's gears and brake lines were damaged in a move and it had a flat . this guy fixed it up for me and it rides even better than when it was new ! and the price will definitely keep me going back-awesome `` mom n pop shop '' : )	3156
0	used to really like this place until they lost a pair of my pants . now i 've taken some shirts in and instead of dry cleaning them they washed them making them lose some color . i do n't even now how they washed them cause they are still dirty !	3075
0	pretty disappointed : ( heard really good things about this place ... we got the special elk burger and it literally was meat on a bun with some aioli and it was $ 18 . that 's like nyc prices ... our service justin was awesome and hooked us up with a desert but i do n't think we will be back .	1226
0	update : after wearing my shoes a few times ( the ones i brought here to put sole protectors on ) , the rubber is already coming off one of my shoe . the scruffs put on to my shoes were bad enough , but it seems even the original job was n't done properly . customers beware .	410
1	this dealership is the best ! i have taken my van there for service for a number of years . and i really love the mini van. ! yes , it is the best one on the market . it does everything ! . and this year , they are in full remodel ! lots of creature comforts ! and my `` fave '' service person is amber . i am a feeble gal with all the tech stuff . i drive in and ask for amber , she is just wonderful . she has gone `` above and beyond '' the call. ! we are so lucky to have the dealership here in the east valley . please check them out ! karol in gold canyon	1910
0	this establishment needs a refresher course in customer service and respect . i went in for a wax service . when i entered the business , no one said hello or acknowledged that i even entered the business . 10mins in and still not even an acknowledgement . finally just walked out . as someone else said in a previous review , please skip this salon . not worth your time or $ $ $ .	822
1	stopped by to fill my thermos on the road . a nice surprise : they serve intelligentsia coffee and seem enthusiastic and knowledgeable . they seem to be able to deal with your choice of trendy gadgets : chemex , vacuum , or pour-over , and they apparently have some bulk brewing method which they feed with a locally-roasted variety that i did n't recognize . i 'm sure it 's good , based on their attitudes , though . it looked like a great place to spend a few hours reading and drinking coffee . hope i 'll get back sometime .	1175
1	food was good . service was great ( we were there on mother 's day ) . $ 5 corkage fee for each bottle of wine seemed steep .	423
0	i use this airline more than i would like to but it is the only one with a direct flight between las vegas and santa maria , ca . do n't expect much in terms of good customer service and you wo n't be disappointed .	3127
0	every time i give these guys a try they 're out of live pinky mice . you 'd think whoever was doing their inventories would maybe take notice and start ordering more per shipment but i guess they do n't want the business ? it 's a shame too because the location is 5 minutes from my house as opposed to my old feeder mice shop which is now 20 minutes away from where i moved . i 'm gon na stop trying because it 's actually really frustrating when i 'm in a hurry and need to pick up food for my snake and they never seem to have any .	2746
1	love this location have always had a great experience . left there with everything i wanted and more . store looks super cute set up for fall . the staff was amazing and very helpful in helping me find everything i needed .	162
0	do n't try to call the phone number that is listed on yelp if you want to talk to anyone at mcc . it will ring and ring and no one will answer . use the number 480-461-7000 .	2787
0	worst service ever . the food is pretty good , but there is a waiter there who is unbearable . he is one of the only asian waiters there . perhaps he is the owner . this must have been the worst restaurant experience i 've ever had in all of toronto because of that person . would not recommend visiting until that person is either fired or retires .	688
1	i go here every 2 weeks and i 've been to most of the techs . angie is the best by far . i will continue to go because it 's the perfect environment for me when i just want to relax	3347
1	one of favorite happy hour places in town . if you get the wings here it should n't matter if you get anything else . great location and nothing else needs to be said . maybe a renovation on the parking lot .	717
0	service is always great but the quality has been poor both times i have been . it 's disappointing because the reviews on here are so good . but each time the rolls have been missing ingredients and i had to go back . the second visit had the roll actually falling apart because it was so poorly made . i 'm very reluctant to give it a 3rd chance but there are n't too many great sushi places downtown ...	24
1	excellent customer service and follow up . would highly recommend big o and this team .	2146
0	what would you possibly need here ? besides the ultimate steeler fans dream shop , this place is a dead zone . well , it 's quiet . throw in a laser tag store or an arcade ! the only shopping you can do here is at the eclectic and wacky store across from the sports store . after walking about for 10 minutes you 'll be so bored you 'll decide the half mile walk across the water would n't be so bad . you wo n't be disappointed there . i guess you could walk back to the station square in the evening for a lovely view of the downtime skyline . that 's as romantic as it gets . womp womp womp~	3152
0	the therapists are very inconsistent . you 'll be lucky to get a 50 minute massage even though the front desk will say it 's 60 minutes or an hour every time . front desk employees are are waste of crowded space . bring exact change if you want to tip - they will be of no assistance . they would rather talk to each other than work . the one time i decided to get a facial instead the lady was extremely rude during the entire facial . i 'm so happy my lousy contract is finally over .	3862
1	the salmon sushi and salmon rolls were great . very fresh . the spicy tuna roll not so great . not really spicy . unless by spicy you mean crunchy . avoid that . but go for the squid tempura on the non sushi side . one trick to watch for here . everything is a piece , including the rolls . if you put 1 next to , say , california roll , you will get one piece/slice of the roll . you wo n't get a whole roll sliced into 6 . really spacious restaurant and good service .	745
1	i got a livingsocial voucher for the spa at copperwynd that included a massage and facial , plus use of the facility for the day . i highly recommend it ! i arrived early to use the gym , showered and relaxed before my treatments , then had lunch and lounged by the pool for a couple hours . great experience overall : staff was very friendly and accommodating , the entire resort was spotless , and the food was great ! not to mention the views , breathtaking .	2700
0	do n't go there , the most horrible experience ever . they altered my jeans to the point that i can not wear it or return them . they were very rude and when i asked for my money back i did n't got the full price i paid . and the money was thrown to me .	2982
0	doctor green is a joke . i waited one day for 2.5 hours and the next time i went it was over an hour . i told him i did n't appreciate being kept waiting as my time is just as valuable as his . i said at the very least have the receptionist tell me when it 's going to be over an hour . he told me that they were $ 8/ hr employees and that you get what you pay for . sounds like his problem not mine ! i made an appointment with another doctor today . i do n't see how it can get any worse .	2629
0	very cheap finishes . door to our bathroom would n't open/close . closet space for shirts and folded pants only . you ca n't hang a dress ( i 'm talking normal dress , not a formal ) . seems upscale but makes ikea look posh .	3522
1	awesome customer service and i always find a bargain . beautiful clothes for a fraction of the original cost .	1446
0	i bought a washing machine for my friend who is pregnant and after five weeks it broke and now its been down for over two weeks waiting for parts and service , i am hoping it can get it fixed or get another one before she gives birth . the ahwatukee manger was not helpful or understanding at all , he basically said `` you bought it '' . so even though i loved spencer 's in the past for their awesome customer service , i would not recommend them now ! spencer 's did come through and gave her a new washing machine , before she gave birth !	3784
0	i 'm at the drive thru again waiting because i ordered a prosciutto and brie , and received a ham and brie . the manager is arguing with me that it 's not ham . i 'm italian and clearly know the difference . last time i was here , ( last week ) , they were out of baguettes , prosciutto and macaroons , on a friday at 11:30 am . talk about not being prepared . this location is the worst ! !	284
1	i was here on dec 30 , 2008 . the girls are absolutely drop dead gorgeous . none of the girls here were ugly . i had a dance from a girl from minnesota by the name of diamond . but the cake went to this taiwanese-american girl i pretty much fell in love with by the name of chyna ... she ' s an absolute doll to be with and we both had each other going , will definitely remember her . she reminded me of tila nguyen ( tila tequila ) .	1779
0	cheap for a reason . came in at 2:30 . not busy , stepped right up and ordered . simple : chili dog , fries and a drink . chili dog came out fast enough but was told frys were n't done . ok , no worries . they completely forgot about my fries . almost do with my dogs then had to ask for them .	1461
0	i have used this place a number of times . the prices are high but the service and cleaning have been top notch . however i asked for heavy starch on my shirts and twice i 've gotten no starch at all . the helpful girl even put on my receipt that i wanted the heaviest starch possible . nada . since i need starch and they can not provide it , i will be going elsewhere .	2070
0	ugh . the most uncomfortable for rest i have ever used . the lady who was doing my pedicure kept pulling my foot , and when i told her i was not comfortable she ignored me . my idea of a pedicure is supposed to be relaxing . i was far from relaxed . i would never go back .	3605
0	this is all a review on the same experience . i did not call two years later about this & i am not looking for you to refund me or allow me to use the groupon two years later . i have no interest in going to your business especially after the responses . calling my review blackmail and basically calling me stupid will unfortunately show others how you handle your business . i am sorry that this review was n't handled professionally and that the criticism was n't received better . good luck in the future .	391
1	eating a pulled pork sandwich without added bbq sauce and enjoying it 100 % is awesome ... add the sauce for out of this world taste . meats are very tender and not dried out . rib meat falls off the bone . going back for sure ! ! !	1547
0	i had horrible experience with omni limousine , the worst limousine company in las vegas , dont wast your money , customer service its zero .	2901
1	purpose for visiting this store was to purchase a pair of sunglasses for my wife . she is a fan of oakley sunglasses . after browsing for a very long time , she ended up with nothing . i , on the otherhand , snagged a couple of good deals for myself . found a pair of shorts and a shirt both from the clearance section at awesome prices ! chances of returning to this oakley vault location at the las vegas north premium outlets are very high . shop is clean and well organized . most of the staff was polite and helpful as well .	2480
1	a very wonderful experience and the tattoo was an amazing work of art . great staff and great music !	3464
0	our server and the cashier were not all that friendly and the food was just ok. their syrup is gross and cheap and they do n't serve heinz ketchup . we wo n't return .	364
0	i was disappointed . all the seats are below screen level which means you are looking up at the screen all movie long . the soda prices are higher than harkins and you have to serve yourself . the one high point was they have those soda machines that allow you to select any flavor of the various coke products , but you are forced to battle with others for a small spot to grab your lid and straw . the theatre smelled like sour milk and restrooms had an awful smell also . i will never go back to this `` upscale '' theatre . i 'll try their regular theatre but never centerpoint .	3063
1	dr torres is great , they get back to my pharmacy promptly for refills and they are very kind . re torres and her assistant listened to my concerns and helped with whatever they could .	938
1	the room was spacious and the bed comfortable . it was nothing fancy , but perfectly suitable . the parking was secure with ample available spots . the front desk staff was excellent - they were very helpful and informative . and on the way out , we had a lovely serving of fresh-brewed espresso . it 's not a 5-star hotel but it was an excellent experience .	1680
0	tried again . the mole was super gross - sauce clearly came from a can and tasted like chocolate syrup . not going back .	7
1	i had the wild boar bacon pizza and it was delicous ! ! my friend had the gnocchi and it was average , nothing special ! i would definitely go back for their 5 $ pizza sometime ! service was good and food did n't take too long . overall great place and really cool atmosphere : )	102
1	as if campitis is n't already amazing , they 're now on uber eats , so finally you can get these great hoagies & pizza delivered ! ! ! great move guys	900
0	while our stylist was very friendly , i found the price paid for two toddler haircuts was outrageous . 3 year old $ 25 and 5 year old $ 30 . we did n't even have them styled just cut . unfortunately we will not be back for that reason .	2056
0	from los angeles and love cupcakes . however , this spot is definitely not one of my faves . tried 6 different flavors and not one was amazing . i think the fairy forgot to sprinkle her `` pixy '' dust on these batches of cakes . place is decorated cute tho .	1806
1	came in today for a cake tasting . great customer service , great taste , and great price . they have great designers too ! we sat down with joe and had a great experience . i highly recommend this place for your next cale . wedding , birthday , or any occasion .	2196
1	love their ribs and rolls . always friendly , fast service . they always send us home with warm rolls -- -irresistible	1491
1	the chicken alfredo was so good ! ! the bread was good too ! it was about a 30-45 min wait but worth it .	913
0	horrible experience . waited 1 hour in the waiting room ended up leaving and going to a different office that could get me in right away ! i would not recommend this office to anyone .	554
1	if you 're going to best buy mobile , ask for ashley . she is super helpful ! went out of her way to deal with the saturday night idiots working verizon customer service for me after having an issue porting over a number for me . amazing service !	494
0	disgusting customer service . my mom collapsed and fainted in the store due to the flu . while trying to help her regain consciousness , i asked the staff to please call 911 . instead of calling 911 a lady who works there told me `` why dont you call 911 , you have cell phone '' ( my cell phone was on the table where we were eating ) . it took another customer who was dining-in to convince them to call 911 . i was absolutely shocked . foods great , but they really need to work on their customer service and how to treat customers with respect .	522
0	make sure to double check your receipt , i was over charge and when i told the cashier she was very rude and told me i needed to get and line if i wanted a refund , then i talk to the assistant manager thomas and he was even more rude and told me he was busy that if i did n't hear tell cashier when she told me to get in line , i always go to his store because is close to me house they are never very friendly , but this was the worst experience ever	3499
1	came in to have the battery checked on my dad 's car because it had to be jumped the last couple of days . a very helpful and friendly associate named chris helped me choose a battery and installed it in the parking lot . great service and friendly staff . open late ( 10pm ) too ! ! !	3834
1	i would minus one star because they 're only recreational , but maybe there is a reason for that . other than that , this place is great . the selection is the best i 've seen . they have everything . the customer service is never anything but perfect . go see thomas , he will take good care of you .	1025
1	finally , a wonderful spot in paradise valley to visit often ; and bring friends to . every . single . thing . perfect . amazing drink suggestions and paired to my food choices by brandon . ( he was spot-on with every one ) . such a refreshing place where the people that serve you are as happy as their guests . even if i move away from the area i will absolutely come back to the covenant every chance i get . it 's that great . thank you , and very well done in every way . tomahawk steak was the best steak i 've had anywhere .	1331
0	honestly , this place is a tourist trap ! we only got in the garden for 20 min and it starts raining . we saw the japanese garden which was not all that great . this place is for people that really love trees . once you pay $ 20.50 to get in , you can go in and out for the day but not the next day . it would have been nice if we got a refund or an option to come back the next day . im disapponted and will never go back . we also paid $ 12 to park and there was no signs or walkway to get to the garden was easily .	183
1	the selection , customer service and pricing is fantastic ! jason has been such a great help with my remodeling projects !	3237
1	have been coming to tropicana animal hospital for over 5 years with vaccinations and other issues that have popped up along the way , ollie was visited by dr. renee lewis , answered my questions and let me know about oliie 's weight , and that we needed to reduce his food intact ... .. ( now if only someone would just restrict my food intact i 'd lose weight like my little guy ! )	3030
0	recently ordered from the store . my 3 1/2 ' piece of glass ended up into a many pieces . i contacted ashley and the representatives had told us 3 different things . 1 . called ups and they will handle it . 2 . we will send send you a new piece 3 . sorry we are just going to send you a refund so you can buy glass from someone else . i am sitting here with a bunch of broken glass and getting the run around with what seems of empty promises of a refund or solution . i consider this to be unacceptable .	3738
1	ok so when it says largest dispensary in the nation how do you not stop ? it 's a large place very open , clean and friendly staff . prices are higher as this place is for recreational but if you have a medical card they do give you a discount even from another state . large selection ... good product .	1025
1	amazing . true resort living . all amenities are outstanding . the pool and gym are a must see for yourself . a long list of on and off property resident events .	842
0	i came and ordered their pistachio macaroon , velvet cupcake and chocolate mousse cupcake , all of which were simply too sweet . being sweet is not necessarily a problem , but ither than that , there was nothing else . was quite disappointed . however , their customer service wad pretty good , hence the two stars .	3749
1	nice clean store with plenty of food , snack and drink options to go with you fill up of gas . also the coffee is a dollar after 1pm . i like the harvest spice coffee with the pumpkin and sweet cream creamers .	2563
1	this bowling alley has an excellent upbeat playlist in other words it 's bumpin ! the bowling part is fun and exciting ! the food however has the most fantastic taste , it 's sooo goood !	3296
0	we stopped by there today and used the drive-thru , but no one ever came to the window . they had a sign that stated `` no single donuts , sorry '' i was shocked . we typically order 4 donuts . so off to bosa we went !	2053
0	i used to love going to this theater because its only a dollar ! but , the fact that they 're now conducting purse searches . makes me never want to come back again . i understand they make their money from the concession stands . i always buy popcorn . but , i think this is a tremendous invasion of our privacy .	611
1	raylynn is amazing , very kind , attentive and talented ! ! ! the spa is nice and service is wonderful all around . i highly recommend a visit to this spa .	2346
1	this is my favorite commercial movie theater . the biggest draw for me is 1 ) location and 2 ) hot cinnamon and sugar donuts ! they always have a large selection of movies due to the many many screens . a big plus is that , unlike the point , they take debit cards at the ticket line and at the treat counter . make me wan na buy lotsa candy .	3619
1	trendy place with good food and service . drinks are a little pricey but very tasty . gets crowded but lunch is good with a ton of parking	951
0	the line wrapped around the store and only two cashiers were working . it was a mad house . nothing was where it was supposed to be .	1678
0	staff is very unfriendly . gym is way overcrowded . wish there was a closer gym to my house as an alternative . : (	3912
1	love the ladies and services at laseraway . gina rocks . she understands and recommends only what one needs . i have purchased and received everything from botox , juviderm and voluma . i have also purchased and received the clear and brilliant package of 3 . love how it made my skin look and feel . i would recommend these folks to anyone .	366
1	my wife always has an exceptional experience at the red salon and spa . she see 's dessirae and she always does a fantastic job on her hair . i highly recommend her to anyone who is looking for a constantly great service and great results . happy wife = happy life	154
1	service technique sur rendez-vous seulement .	1681
0	awful ! customer service was terrible ! the general mgr with the red hair and beard was a douche ! our daughters friend had a finger nail in her food . my husband had a bug in his tea . and our son had a mosquito in his chips ! the manager all but accused us of putting the nail in the food . horrible ! never ever will we return !	704
1	great service . andy and joshua are very helpful and the spend time to address all needs	3921
1	very awesome gym ! this place is very nice and clean , contrary to other gyms in the area . the machines are top notch and are kept in good condition . this place has very nice locker rooms and some large multipurpose areas . i have n't taken any fitness classes here yet but i have heard great things about them . i really like the basketball court and the rock climbing wall , both are a blast ! i would definitely recommend this gym as the best in the surprise area .	2699
0	such a dissapointment . the dj was bad , the beers came out warm ? it definitely looks as though it used to be a cool spot , but it 's very ghetto . they should clean it up and change the music .	704
1	dr ram is the best family dr in las vegas and henderson , i have been here for 18 years and i know this for a fact . he goes beyond the call of duty .	297
1	i 'm a wildcat and this is the only bar in phoenix i know of that will play arizona games over asu . being a wildcat fan and at a bar that supports my alma mater , makes me give this place 4 stars . i also really like their boneless wings with the jack daniels chipotle sauce and the quesadilla . their draft beer selection is n't great for a sports bar and knocks this place down a star . it 's kind of pricey for a sports bar but not for scottsdale standards .	2694
1	remember going to the biggest sports bar i 'd ever seen , was there in some warehouse back in the early nineties . huge and happening . not sure if it 's still there but i remember liking it . most friendly people in that city .	3152
0	i booked a trip through them . i left a day early due to their error on dates on the website/ flyer , and gave them ample notice when i noticed they changed the dates . they told me they could not give any money back . fine . on the trip , another couple mentioned how they got $ 200 back for leaving a day early . they also got $ 750 back each for the company backing out of airfare tickets . we got $ 600 back . i would n't recommend this shop , as there are a few in pittsburgh area , due to unfair , un organization , and greediness of the owners .	2140
0	completely unaccommodating if you have an infant . they apparently have no hot water or microwaves in the entire building to thaw frozen milk . i asked the cafe worker and the lady at the ticket desk , neither of which seemed to care that i had a hungry infant who needed warm milk . so glad i wasted $ 55 on the groupon .	3891
1	there is no drive through at this location and surrounding it are a ton of business centers so it 's super busy . when i walked in , the line was out the door but i was desperate so i waited . to my surprised delight , the line went super fast and i did n't wait more than 5 minutes for my drink after ordering . i was very impressed !	2950
1	good pastry selection . good coffee . nice place to sit and watch the fountain and the people walking around the mall . we got the pain au chocolat and a fruit tart , both delicious .	2993
1	stan gallus awesome experience . stan has great knowledge of the autos . we were out of there in less than 2 hours . that 's including finance too ! all nice people and great attitudes .	855
1	so today i went in ( as i do about 5 days a week ) . i was having trouble finding the perfect butt exercise . sean `` shawny sean '' , the trainer , helped me out by showing me the brazilian butt lift . ouchie ! i will have problems sitting down later . i just keep telling myself that swimsuit season is just around the corner .	2919
1	fantastic experience here . great eye exam and a nice selection of frames .	1865
1	i love this place ! this place is amazing ! i know someone that works in a really cool trinket store who 's always on the phone but she 's very nice and courteous ! i would definitely come here again .	472
1	i recently had flowers orders for me from out of state there was issues on my part on delivery . they handled it professionally and with efficiency . but most important the flowers were fresh and beautiful thank you	2266
0	this place is by far the worst place you could ever go to finance a vehicle . first of the first are financing cars for way more then the car is even worth . they definitely have people working there with the worst costume service ever and every single person working thing has no clue what they are freaking doing worst place ever	3305
0	cant do nails correctly . manager is rude . had to go back and get them fixed . spent way too much . go to the little nail places down the street . this place is way to expensive for poorly manicured nails .	2001
1	have been here a few times ( 3 to be exact ) and it is fabulous every time . go for the massages : ) and usually with my best friend to celebrate our birthdays which are a week apart : ) . went and had the hot stone massage today and i may never go back to a regular . wow ! phenomenal and awesome and relaxing ! love it ! happy 40th to my bestie !	3880
1	oh so great for both prime sipping and a good atmosphere for working or catching up with friends . while staff takes their craft so seriously - it does n't feel snobby because they 're so friendly .	1175
1	custom burgers , fresh ingredients , seared meat , what else could you want from a burger bar ? it 's not fast food so do n't expect it to be slung across the counter before you finish ordering . it 's handmade and excellent . juicy and on a really nice grilled bun . definitely worth a stop for lunch or dinner ! i was in a hurry so i did n't have fries or a shake but i did have a draft beer and i 'll be back .	1571
0	i joined l.a. fitness 2 weeks ago and today was the 3rd time i went to the scheduled spinning class at 9:15 and it was cancelled . i went last sunday and it was cancelled and on a tuesday and the teacher was a no show . so frustrated , they need a better club manager or class manager because that 's why a lot of us join .	2066
0	i placed an order to be delivered by 10:00am . they showed up at 12 . the cakes were delicious , but the service was sub-par . the cakes barely made it in time for the surprise party . word of advice : if you need it , just go pick it up yourself and do n't pay for the delivery it 's a rip off .	18
0	tried this with a groupon and i guess you get what you pay for . we played the diffuse the time bomb game . expect a first generation low budget one room lock box type room that lacked imagination . kids working behind the counter and the venue was old and run down ( not unexpected for the building/area ) half of our group never tried an escape-room before and we still managed to escape in 22 mins . might be ok for first timers , but more experienced gamers will want to skip this one .	3088
0	came in for a juice drink and salad . the nature of this review does not reflect on food quality , only on service quality . at 11:00 am with salad bar full , one would think there would be ample salad dressing . not the case . not ample , not fresh . ok , so let me go ask a deli person for help . when asked , the deli person looks at me like i just asked for their first born , and then mouth 's the word fu @ k. thanks deli person . happy new year ps . hey whole foods , hire people who appreciate their job and do n't consider the customer an imposition	3874
1	never have i seen such a variety of different items in one store . the store is huge and looks more like a warehouse than your typical store , but it has everything that you need . they also have pharmacy , vision , photo , and auto departments . prices are great , especially for how much you get , and really saves you money in the long run . my only issue is the backups at the checkout line at times , but that 's nothing that any other store goes through . overall , it 's a nice option in c-u for those who want to buy bulk and stock up on the items they use most .	2810
1	i went for color and jennifer was amazing . she was super sweet and made sure my hair was exactly how i wanted it ... even though i 'm picky and she had to redo a section . i will for sure be returning to see her .	3017
0	i was so excited to finally be able to watch mac king only to find out as i was about the enter the theater that he was unavailable that saturday and they have a stand in . i felt like i bought tickets to a mariah carey show and got a not-mariah carey . i wish we knew beforehand because i would not have gotten the tickets for the day he was n't there , and sadly , the stand-in was not impressive . make sure you call and find out if he is performing , otherwise , it 's not funny .	2489
0	food court is lacking . i ordered a hamburger , it looked like they made it the day before ! the bottom bun was hard as a rock , the meat was dried out and discolored on the edges . i ordered a drink with meal and since i do n't drink soda i opted for lemonade but they were out , then i tried for the iced tea and they were out of that too . trash on the floor , dirty tables ... not appetizing !	2469
1	i am not usually one to go for dim sum our chinese food in general , because i feel like the quality and taste is so hit and miss . but seriously , luckee does it right . the chef special appetizer that night was a cold noodle and tofu salad that was the best tofu i every had.. gobbled it right up . the dumplings were , of course , divine . in fact , there was nothing we had there that was n't good . if i 'm ever in the mood to splurge and for chinese at the same time , i know where i 'm going .	1441
1	i just love this great clips because ' q ' works there . our first meeting was a struggle since he wanted me to tell him what i wanted and well , that 's not my talent so i just said something like meg ryan wears now he knows that i like to try new things and i love what he does with my hair . he really does show his talents and takes his time to do it right ! yea , q	2169
1	fries were large size , juicy and just good . marsala burger is where india meets america . tasty moist marsala meat on a white soft bun . they deliver too . one of the best reasons to come to canada .	940
1	they were very helpful . it 's a decent size beauty supply store . they have everything i need and have been looking for since i moved from ca .	1659
1	my daughter had a great time at her birthday party here ! the staff was great with party activities and accommodations ! they really went out of their way to make sure it was safe , well taken care of , and most of all- fun ! it was really affordable and overall a fabulous time . thanks guys !	3713
0	reading the previous posts.. i was eager to give this place a try . upon walking into the place . i knew it was going to be painfully bad . there was much variety but the amount of food place out for each was minimal . seafood was not fresh and it was warm . greasy ... food , tables , plates , glass . taste wise.. only thing that was good was the fruits . if you want to still think tokyo sushi buffet is the best quality with enough variety to make it the best ayce sushi place in pittsburgh .	165
0	7 $ charge for jasmine tea is ridiculous , overpriced gimmicky food served in a dining room resembling a glorified ho-lee chow take away .	1441
0	i 've eaten here once and it was n't good . it was a total waist of money . i will say that the portions were ver large .	197
0	popped in here to find a birthday present for my niece - cute things but $ 98 for a little sweater that they will grow out in 3-6 months ? yeah , no .	2025
1	absolute best fresh spring rolls in the greater phoenix area ! i have tried every spring too in a 10 mile radius of here & they are hands down the lightest , fluffiest & most tasty ones around . never tried out , funny or chewy . always perfect ! they know gluten free too ! they have an extensive gluten free menu too . try the arizona fried rice ! i do n't know what or how they do it but the tofu is amazing . their chili oil is actually spicy too . an absolute must try place !	205
1	dr raia was fantastic i had my hand operated on 10/5 and within three hours i had feeling back in my right two fingers , i had not had feeling in them for a year . great dr .	2896
1	hands down my favorite fish store in the valley ! i like it because they have a great blend of everything you need - fish , coral , hardware , tanks etc and a super friendly staff . clean displays and lots to choose from .	1078
0	my nails turned out great but they charged me $ 15 to take off my previous gel because it was n't done with them . this info was not communicated to me and it is a lot of money ! ! ! my standard get manicure with no massage ended up costing $ 50 . sad to say i will not be returning	3502
0	terrible customer service , no real food in `` cafe '' , website makes this place look much nicer than it really is . very disappointing experience .	2486
0	the service is awful . the co owner , jason , fired a millvale flood victim because she had to call off to salvage family belongings . i must admit their fish is darn good though .	1189
1	nice clean rooms and pleasant staff . great foot/body massages . some of the music selection is odd ( religious ) .	2692
1	i went to this location with my hair on fire looking for balloons for a baby shower ... i was desperate for them and i was running out of time ... i went up to the counter and asked how long for a balloon package ... they told me less than 10 minutes even though they looked like they were doing a ton of orders ... they got order done within 10 minutes and i was out the door . so thankful they were so quick to complete it and they could see how stressed out i was !	1882
1	i 've been coming here for 7 years and they do everything for me , help me and explain all my shipping options and costs . everyone here is so helpful ! i ca n't believe they could ever get less than five starts . even this morning i called to ask a question about stamps and susan took time to speak with me although it 's a busy morning . thank you to this entire staff for 7 years of wonderful service .	3871
1	i had their turkey pesto panini and a sample of their pineapple/kale smoothie while waiting . i can honestly say that it is so great to have healthy options when you 're at the mall , excited to check out more items in the future .	1401
1	look - it 's obvious that going to the doctor usually happens when something is wrong or someone is sick - so to say that my family and i love going to see dr herrera and staff would be a misguided statement . however , in the circumstance when a doctor is needed , dr herrera is spot on phenomenal at what he does and how he greets , treats , and makes you feel as one of his patients . if you need a new doctor or are unhappy with the one you go to , come to complete care medicine and you will be taken care of .	590
0	avoid ! ! ! warning : do n't do business with these ignorant people . if you 're searching on yelp and looking for the perfect place to get your car fixed or upgraded , this is n't the one . they steal from you . they overcharge the insurance company and barely fix anything . i do n't like working with people with no common sense . i wish i had done more research ...	1512
0	monty 's used to be one of my favorite places on the near-east side . i 've long loved their meatloaf of the gods , fat and calories be damned . however , our last 5-6 experiences have been exercises in frustration , with such charming features as a $ 100 overcharge on my debit card for a $ 23 meal . ( yes , you read that right ) . yes , the server was new , yes they corrected it , but still . we ate there again last night- i 'm a firm believer in the power of the 19th chance- , only to leave with a renewed resolve that there are many better options available .	975
0	i would not use this company . they came out and told me i needed 10 pounds of freon in one unit and 12 pounds in another . i then called another company and they pointed out on the hvac label that the units hold 5 and 6 pounds respectively . air one wanted to charge 100 % more freon than what the units and the lines will hold . i would n't trust their opinion or their work .	601
0	i took my son 's galaxy note 4 to have the charging port fixed and when i picked it up there were the camera did n't work . i took it back and matt tried to blame it on my son saying he must of dropped it . then he tried to say that it was a motherboard problem and that it had a virus . granted my phone was a refurbished phone but it had none of these problems when i took it to have the charging port fixed . i do not recommend anyone take their phone there to get fixed because you are going to end up with a useless phone afterwards . bad business ! ! !	3838
0	worst furniture ever ! ! my chairs did n't even last a summer ! i thought the quality would be better because of the cost	217
0	brought my car in for service and was told i needed new brakes . which i thought was strange since a few months prior the dealership did a brake inspection and said the brakes were in great shape . the dealer said they appear to be at 90 % . so i took the car to a different dealership to get a 3rd opinion and sure enough the dealer said my brakes look great . the owner was very insistent that i get the brake service done . funny how they claim to be so honest then they try to take me . no thanks , i 'll go elsewhere since they tried to make a quick buck .	1989
1	i was already a couple beers in and just stopped by for some half price wings , so i do n't know if i can give a proper review , but will try . this place obviously used to be a midtown sundries , it still felt like it . there were good beer specials and half priced wings , what else do you need ? nothing special but a great change of pace to that mostly over-priced side of town .	1241
1	when scheduling for your cleaning , ask for miss julia ... . she 's great !	3163
1	wow - why the low stars ! ? ! summerlin folk are so dang picky haha . my favorite coffee shop in vegas just opened down the street from my house and i am over the moon with excitement ! ! been here 2 days in a row now . must trys : - mexican spice latte - cafe con leche ( so simple and delicious ) - sofrito burger - arepa benny great job downtown summerlin - i 've been waiting for a rad coffee shop and you guys knocked it out of the park with your selection ! = )	1332
0	prices are rather ridiculous . this is kent not nyc . over $ 15 for soup , sandwich , and a 9oz or so coffee . soup was microwaved . sandwich was average in taste and not that big . kent is pretty horrible for food options and i still will most likely never be in here again .	675
0	很久沒去koo koo , 昨晚上和兒子去吃完全傻眼，現在的老板不知道跟以前ㄧ不一樣，但料理完全不行，只要過去早期有去吃過的人會知道，套餐還算豐富，鹽酥雞是招牌，如今的koo koo , 套餐窮酸的可憐，菜不新鮮，昨晚點的是縮小鹽酥雞套餐，發酸的大腸跟麵線，不新鮮的杏鮑菇，發硬的蝦仁做的蝦仁煎，服務人員難爲，頻跟我們道歉，但我是感到ㄕ望，想說之前做的還不錯啊⋯⋯怎麼現在變這樣	566
0	ordered a steak burrito , the steak itself is chewy and the nastiest thing i 've ever tasted . also came across a hair in the middle of the burrito . i 've eaten at their spadina location , but never coming back to this one . yuck ! wouldnt reccomend this location or the steak burrito .	31
1	great experience , lots of products and great selection , met the owners daughter . she 's really great and knows her product . love my new extentions that i got very natural and blends in with my hair ! they opened a new store on eastern , very close to my house . i will be going back again ( : wayyyyyy better than sally 's hands down	2826
0	i 've been to hush a couple of times a while back . great service and great food . now it 's gone down the drain . i went here with my fam for brunch and it was bad experience . i 'll definitely wo n't go back ever again . food was not great and the service was horrible . our waitress disappeared and did n't even acknowledge that she was no longer waiting our table . food took forever to come ( restaurant was not busy at all ) . worse service ever .	621
1	cakes are moist and absolutely delicious . great variety . the food is 5 stars however , the staff friendliness is not great . if you want great cake , you will be happy just realize the staff wo n't be overly nice to you .	18
1	this is a great addition to the hood . the food was excellent although the menu was pretty limited . i was bummed they did n't have their liquor license as i like to start dinner with a cocktail . we will go back for sure and bring the kids next time !	257
0	very disappointed . low quality , small portions and incompetent staff . will not be visiting small tuna poke bar again .	309
1	love this shop ! they do an amazing job every time . they have a new girl on the weekends and they keep a close eye on her to make sure she is keeping up with the service level .	1838
1	nice area of town . the theater was clean . the staff was very friendly . the popcorn was fresh and buttery ! yum ! ! ! an overall good experience .	3680
0	if i could give negative star i would . good luck getting your order right here . i ordered a green tea hot . just a simple tea bag in water . not only did it take several minutes but they some how managed to mess it up and over charge me . when i brought it to their attention three workers gave me attitude and disagreed with me to each other like i could n't see or hear them . i regret tipping them .	2849
1	we stayed here for 3 nights and loved it . the concrete pads are level with full hook ups . the bathrooms were private air conditioned rooms with a toilet , sink and shower and all had security code entrances as well as the laundry . the grounds were well kept . the highway is nearby and visible but we were n't bothered by the car noise . there 's a love 's station right around the corner . no fire rings , picnic tables or other amenities but that was n't an issue for us . would definitely stay here again . great sunset views ! we camped in our 36 ' class c .	3705
1	traded a timeshare from bahamas to las vegas was very happy with club de sollei , comfortable quiet , clean , friendly staff free shuttle to the strip and back right to the monorail definitely would come back on	3091
0	the new seating program is terrible . i want to choose where i will sit once i walk into the theatre and see who else is where and what else is available . i will not be going to this theatre in the future . plus unless they plan to have an usher in each stadium , people will still sit where they want to , and arguments will happen .	2671
0	well , this place is really something . beers are cheap , staff is rough . not the most welcoming place in pittsburgh . things like laughing and polite conversation are generally frowned upon . it is great for the person who enjoys smelling like smoke , listening to scremo , and is equally as grumpy as the regulars .	3840
1	environment : really nice and fancy for a donut place . they have really large space inside . i discovered this place by checking instagram . price : the price is pretty affordable , i did n't order a whole bunch , i only get two , ( $ 2 each ) . donuts : my favorite is blueberry streusel , i will come back and try more if i happen to visit again . love the emergency donuts truck outside , lol !	2053
1	did a great job on my eye brow wax and very competitive prices . i 'll definitely be returning . highly recommend !	2874
0	what a disaster . these guys are horrible . you have many choices . stay away from this one . you wo n't be happy with the result and at that point you will be dealing with a sales manager who talks over you and has little interest in resolving your issue . they know they will probably never hear from you again ( how often do garage door openers go bad ) and they treat you that way . my $ 200 repair turned into $ 600 in expenses as i had to replace everything , including all of my pre-existing remotes .	3584
1	love the store karma . awesome place . a lot of space and a lot of walking to do . great nice pretty place	2813
1	the food was absolutely delicious . i had the special which was chicken parm with eggplant parm on top and then the noodles that were on the side , dont even get me started how amazing they were . i cant remember what the actual name of the dish was but i will definitely be going back for more . we had a canoli for dessert , sooo good . every single item i tasted gets 5 stars from me .	567
1	i own a barbershop in cali , been in vegas for a week and needed a cut , just happen to find this spot and happy i did , walked in and off the back noticed how clean it is , owner ( alex ) greeted me and let me know i 'll be up soon , waited a little while but that 's to be expected in a good shop , hector was my barber , good conversation and very friendly , took his time cutting my hair and gave me a great cut , when i come back i will definitely come back again ... ..	3469
1	samantha the pretty cashier was very helpful and pleasant with us customers..we would definitely come back again at this branch..	3937
1	tempe farmers market is close to my work place and i can stop by for a quick vegan lunch , some local produce or a snack . it 's a great little store and the fact that it 's offers local products is awesome . you can get vegan ready to go food from the deli section and even pick up a vegan sweet treat of coffe drink . i am very happy to have discovered this spot .	2488
0	showed up at 1am and was told to leave . the guy at the door said we had been there 3 hours without buying a drink . now , we were only just arriving at this time . needs better , more awake staff . very rude middle eastern staff . never even got thru the front door .	3320
1	we came across gelato messina when were were walking around the stores looking for a place to have lunch . we were greeted by a nice young man who offered us a tastings and gave us some descriptions of some of the flavors . they had some of the usual flavors and some unique ones as well . they tasted fresh and very creamy as what gelato should taste like . i am not a huge gelato fan and i am more old school ice cream or soft serve but my husband is a self appointed gelato snob . lol !	3735
1	ashley and will are the best ! im a stylist myself but life gets crazy and sometimes i ca n't always get to their cuts . when i cant , i take them here . no issues and they always do it like i want for my boys !	2366
0	i visited this location thinking i may receive better service than in the past . not the case . the eye doctor is rude and they were running late with no apologies . their prices are high and their staff is rude . i will be taking my rx and purchasing classes and contacts somewhere else where they appreciate my business	2170
1	b & b did a fantastic job representing me . i was very satisfied with my service and settlement . their entire firm was very attentive and thorough . from my first meeting with them to my final meeting and the meetings/phone conversations in between they made me feel like a priority and never made me feel pressured to take a deal i was n't completely happy with . they we great at keeping me informed throughout the process . i 'd definitely recommend them to my friends and family seeking legal advice or service .	2470
1	i have had a great experience so far with ideal image for my hair laser removal . jennifer worked with me about packages that would work best for me and i 'm heading into my 5th session and i have had great results . although the removal process is a bit uncomfortable , the staff are all very sweet and understanding . i wish i would have done this earlier in life because i feel so much more confident about my skin !	3019
1	this is a place i frequent ; mainly for their lunch specials since it 's such a great deal and you get so much food for only $ 8 . the restaurant has a nice decor and it 's clean . the food is flavorful and tastes great ! i 've brought at least 4 of my friends for lunch over the past year and every one of them say it 's good food . i love the curry dishes ! definitely a place i keep coming back to .	1366
0	wen here three times . fist time the service was good and food was good . the next two times it was like we were an inconvenience but the food was still okay . it 's almost like you have to be a local to get any attention . i will never go back .	1520
1	we stopped by hoping she had pre-made cakes that we could buy because we had a last minute birthday party . she was very quick to decorate it and it looked beautiful . it was fluffy and very light to the pallet . the topping was with whipped cream instead of icing which made it easier to enjoy . i will for sure be back to get cakes there .	2535
0	i always knew of ho lee chow being the worst chinese food in toronto but now the torch has been passed on . c'est bon offers all day delivery and prompt service ; where they go wrong is their awful food , especially their house specialty spicy chicken .	649
1	saeed 's . the proverbial center of the universe on catawba ave . wherever your night begins north of sam furr rd it inevitably ends here . they have it all . outdoor bar , volleyball courts , giant jenga , sand toss , ring thing , pool tables and of course karaoke ! crowd reflects the area , however there is a wide range of ages and its not uncommon to see quite a few mature 40+ jetton pointers mixed with the post college crowd . better to pay cash or not leave your tab open .	3320
0	batter died and it was still under warranty . had to wait over an hour because it was sprinkling and the princesses that worked there did n't want to get their feet wet ... only to have them half-assed `` try '' to change out my battery . i ended up taking home both the new one and the old one to swap them out myself . mind you i am a woman and there were 2 or 3 other men that could n't be bothered to come do their job . i do n't know why they offer the service if they are n't really going to do it ... very frustrating	2502
1	always on top of the ball with their customer service except one . he talks more than he works . i 'm like please work and talk . multi tasking is key ! ! !	1533
1	i 've seen doctor young 3 times now . he is a great and knowledgeable . everytime i 've had an appointment its been a great experience . he and his staff are very kind and helpful . he listens to my concerns and answers my question . i would highly recommend him to anyone looking for a spine specialist . they are amazing !	2173
1	the piece we were sold had a crack in it . too far to go back to the warehouse from where we live . follow up : very pleased with the follow up and corrective action taken by ashley furniture . they now get five stars !	3738
1	****new employees same great service**** glad to see things are back to normal at organicare . happy to be back .	232
1	yes ! ! ! i love ice cream ! this is no different from any other cold stone . you can pick your ice cream flavor and you can pick your toppings and they mash them together for you fresh , right on the spot . i love the flavor combos that offer . my fav is the coffee lovers . the ice cream is perfect with caramel , heath bar and almonds . yum ! the strawberry blondie is a close second !	3646
1	the front desk employee was upfront with wait expectations , and courteous about keeping me upto date on eta . dr was cautious and clear about my diagnosis , explaining everything in a non condiceding way ! very happy with this place !	609
1	this is your standard dim sum however its a bit more expensive than other dim sum locations in the area . overall a good experience and would recommend to try out . had their 11 course menu and the food was all very tasty and cooked well . there is a great bubble tea store next door too !	0
1	had a good first visit at redemption psych . first , found out was covered 100 % by insurance . second , people wearing scrubs appeared to take my son for a toxicologist test ( pee in a cup ) and then weight and blood pressure . a little bit of a back-up occurred timewise with patients ahead of us , but dr. friday apologized for making us wait son said he could n't really understand dr. friday because he talks just above the whisper , but is willing to stick it out to see how it goes .	1541
0	this was my first visit and i was definitely not impressed . the service was quick , but not necessarily competent and the food was overpriced . *on a side note , if you order root beer with your combo , be prepared to receive a 12oz drink instead of the 16oz that supposedly comes with it .	953
1	for someone who 's never been a fan of indian food i 've got to give kudos to this great spot ! food was absolutely fantastic and the service was excellent . my girlfriend and i sat at the bar and admittedly my expectations were low ... to my surprise , the food was delicious [ we ordered the garlic bread thing-a-mabobber , along with a lamb and a shrimp dish , which were both fantastic ! ] . our bartender/server , abraham , was great and he suggested some excellent wines to pair with our meals . i 'm now admittedly a fan of indian food and will certainly be a repeat customer of this gem of a eatery !	640
0	do n't waste your time or money here . service sucks i felt it was a burden for them to take our money . go to frost at santan you can thank me later . if you like vanilla gelato with other things in it to make it taste like whatever the flavor is this is your place . enjoy . gave them one star because i ca n't figure out how to post with no stars . so it should be zero stars .	164
0	ashely took back all the defective furniture and kept my money ! ! ! wow ! i now see a partial refund but am missing the additional amount owed back to me . this is the worst business i have ever dealt with . stay away ! ! ! '	3738
0	my mom and my cousin went in today and this worker with a bunch of makeup on asked if there was a counterfeit checker for a 5 dollar bill . like seriously ? and then she was rude throughout the transaction and mentioning how my mom did n't know it was rated m , like of course she knows . it was just a weird experience at a game shop . not trading at this location .	3027
1	excellent service . awesome rolls . steaks are actually pretty good and i 'm quite picky when it comes to steaks . fun atmosphere .	1491
1	love their beef tataki here ! i do n't like it anywhere eles , and i eat at a lot of japanese restaurants . my husband is very picky with jap places but when he asks me where i would like to eat in terms of japanese food . i always choose sumo for there beef tataki . they also have other good dishes but my favorite is the tataki .	1579
1	just completed 16 sessions of radiation therapy for breast cancer ... the radiation oncology staff was outstanding , but i want to send out a special thanks to my radiation techs , alicia and lisa . thank you ladies for your competence and kindness ... awesome job ! we had a few laughs , too .	2768
1	super nice staff , easy aces to the strip and really good car choices . i got a buick enclave ( haha ) and it was lux . no line either ... recommended .	3129
0	réputation surfaite selon moi , le poulet est bon , mais pas le meilleur portugais que j'ai gouté à mtl , et j'en ai pas essayé une tonne . tout est bien gras dont la sauce qui a beaucoup trop d'huile . un blâme pour le peu de conscience environnementale : styromousse et ustensiles en plastique même si on mange sur place .	1109
0	really really bad sound system . not enough a/c . not recommended it at all . go to piranha instead . you will have much more fun there and not have to pay 10.00 cover for locals .	2249
1	thanking sierra air for the quality of work and professionalism exhibited by their service staff . thanking sierra air for standing up for their equipment that developed a leak and covering the expensive repair . thanking jeremy , sierra air for the dedication and service that kept him on the site until 9:30 pm last night to conclude the service call . thanking sierra air for the effort to make the customer satisfied . peter	1718
1	i have a sweet tooth and for years i had my bitter belgium , dark chocolate ice cream . but nothing compares to valhrona chocolate ice cream . it ; s now my new favorite ! love it .	2331
1	we came here about 2 months ago to sell a class ring . jim is very fair and will not jip you . he gave us more than what we expected -- and believe me , we did some research on different places before even coming here . other places do n't even compare . i highly recommend this place .	3804
0	i did n't have anything done , but i made a call and hated the way they tried to sell their service . they do the `` timeshare-sale '' thing , were if you ask a specific questions and they ca n't answer it , and you tell them that 's okay they ask : `` so you are not interested then ? '' . like , i am , but if you ca n't give general prices over the phone , then i 'm just gon na go somewhere else that can , do not make your customers feel like they are wasting your time . stop using that type of sells tactic ... does not work	3019
0	took them 40 min to finally call me back , when i get seated finally the assistant was beyond rude and very rough during the xrays . the dentist i had was very hard to understand and seemed very rushed . i only came here due to affordability , not sure if i will be back .	3618
1	signed up yesterday and so far so good . got a free smoothie from the juice bar ( tropical green ) and it was so good ! i would n't buy too often because they are expensive but every now and then is not bad . this location is nice and clean . the women 's area is right next to the locker and showers , so very convenient ! i felt very comfortable in the women 's area . i ca n't wait to try the other areas as well .	3268
1	i have been going to elliven hair salon for 3 years now . i can assure you that i have had nothing but positive experiences there . while i do n't need hair coloring or a fancy updo , i can tell you that this place does a solid job on a men 's haircut . if you are lucky enough to be there one of the days where they have homemade cookies , make sure you score one , you will not regret it .	3263
0	their food is good but the vibe the female owner gives to certain customers is unprofessional . i 'm a regular and i feel targeted . i do n't want to say it 's because of race but when i 'm come with a diverse group , she 's nicer to the others compare to me . she makes comments about how there 's is a line before closing , said i ca n't put boba in my drink but allowed it to my friend who order beforehand . i love the food and drinks but i feel uncomfortable now .	1301
1	i ordered bbq chicken pizza and i must day it was super good ! they delivered fast ! i will definitely be ordering again !	459
0	service was ok but cut was rushed and ended up not turning out very good . not going back	2467
0	the sales department here is extremely annoying . they have called me 24 times and even said in the voicemail that they left me that i would need to call them back in order for them to stop bugging me .	2210
1	continued from previous review : i ordered the melted jack sandwich . pretty much like a club sandwich but really tasty . not sure if the bread is toasted or done on the grill , but it 's done perfectly and head good flavor . bacon , ham , turkey , melted cheese . yum . i skipped the fries and did a dinner salad . my gut hurts a bit because of the iced tea and food . i did some table stalking and the individual a table away was putting down a great looking omlette topped with avocado and sour cream and a nice slab of hashbrowns	1319
0	called for service , representative said they would be out on thursday morning and would call before they headed over . sat around all morning on thursday waiting for them to call . never got a call . finally called them and they said it was supposed to be `` next week '' that they were coming . it was clear in our first conversation that it was supposed to be this week . they just forgot about it and tried to cover it up . would not recommend	719
1	i have the eye cream and face cream . also have the caviar cream , eye cream , and night mask . going to be getting the lifting cream and the night charge . it is all very expensive but i feel it is worth every penny . i am 42 male and i look years younger .	35
0	i was told that amy , the team leader , would call me . she did not . i followed up the next day and was told that michelle , the assistant team leader would call me . she did not . what is the point of having team leaders if they do n't follow up ? i 'm tired of following up with people who do n't care about their customers . i 'm cancelling my account . i do n't want to deal with this company again . do not recommend .	2827
1	dina was great , quick and got my hair just the way i like it ! probably the best fade i 've gotten at a great clips ever	3232
1	was a nice sized store . no good deals , prices are a but higher than other thrift stores . but overall nice store .	3679
1	my boyfriends second favorite place to go , cheep tools abound , so as long as you do n't need them for commercial purpose , this is the place to go . plan on standing in line at the cashier for ever , that part suxs .	2267
0	the food was good and the waitress was nice . but this restaurant was not clean . we were the first and only people in the restaurant on a saturday morning and the tables were nasty . the floors had trash all over them . there was dust around the windows and possible old ketchup . i wo n't come back to this location . the one on east blvd is much cleaner .	501
0	no improvement . even major theater sound systems are off now . found a premier movie going experience for the same price ( crownpoint ) . do n't think i 'll be hitting phillips place again .	3680
0	do yourself a favor & just do n't do it . trust me . that 's all i 'm willing to say about this place .	579
1	very friendly service : there was a drink mix up where they accidentally included milk but everyone was very professional and nice about the exchange . the salt and pepper chicken was phenomenal as well !	344
1	a delightful place with a friendly owner . the cannoli and the spaghetti and meatballs were amazing . the `` seafood pasta '' was well worth it . will be back . definitely worth trying .	821
1	we had an excellent experience with jeremy . great service with an excellent selection of products . pricing was excellent with your plumbers discount as quality is far superior to a home depot type .	3155
1	until now the best service , fast and easy ... noe pedroza helping us with all our questions	664
1	we did our sons 6th birthday party there this past weekend . started with some pizza and provided cup cakes , and enjoying our friends company . once the kids had the food in their belly , it was time to burn some energy ! all kids had a great time ! ages 2-12 were present , and they all had a great time ! staff was amazing and supportive . was not an issue with the place still running . highly recommended ! talk to sam .	3060
0	enjoyed the ccw class i took here but was very disappointed with the range reservations . i paid an extra 10 dollars to reserve a lane online just to wait in line like everyone else . no apologies or refund offered just the status quo . average wait time for the range here is about an hour sometimes longer .	1128
1	definitely obsessed with this place ! i always get their chocolate pastries and mac and cheese , which i would say are the best things on the menu . i would recommend this to a friend anytime for a quick and easy breakfast , lunch , or dinner . if there is ever anything you do n't like they will give you your money back too .	1259
1	got my oil change done . i had a coupon that expired on the new year and they took it without a problem . i really appreciate that since times are tough in our family . greg is am awesome guy . after my oil change was done , i forgot to mention that my hubcap was a tad off the tire and greg was nice enough to get it back up and adjust it for me . great people and customer service~ !	3405
0	pizza was not cooked enough , crust was completely soggy and mushy in the middle . took forever to make my friends salad . at least it was a cute atmosphere and they had a decent beer selection .	282
0	service was very rude and horrible they could not give me a wait time then manager just walked away . i do not recommend . so many other better places	1362
1	this nail shop is one of the best but i 've been to in a really really long time i 've been coming here for three years now i 've tried other shops and they 're just not the same always have to go back to mine to get it fixed i really love all the work that they do thanks nails with love	1429
1	great place to purchase used golf clubs . i got my sand wedge and putter here . they have iron sets and individual clubs . if you are a beginning golfer with incomplete set like me , they can fill the gaps for not a lot of dough .	2781
0	after reading all these nice reviews i thought i 'm going to get a very good highlight ! i asked several times for the cold color highlight and it is the warmest highlight i 've ever got and after the first wash it turns to golish color ! i 'm not happy with it at all !	1789
0	though i 've only been here once ( and will not come back ) , i came in on a friday night and there were about 4 other people in the bar . i got a total creep vibe and left after a drink . it seems that this place picks up later at night , but it really does n't seem like my scene .	245
1	super helpful and went above and beyond ordering what i needed for my salon and answering my questions . it 's forever out of my way but i will be back to shop there .	690
1	i like this one . it 's big , has lots of selection , things are somewhat organized . there 's a starbucks downstairs for a pre-shopping coffee . the place is big , but not too big . walking around did n't seem a big hike , but lots of see . it would be my first pick to go to a canadian tire .	2520
0	i had skipped lunch and opted for the convenience of their turkey spinach swiss cheese wrap . the carb , fat and salt numbers were high , but i rationalized that the spinach would somehow overide that empirical assertion . short story-avoid these options and make your own at home , where you can moderate the variables .	1930
1	best subway on this side of town . everyone speaks english too which helps . the only annoying thing is it seems like they are always training someone on the cash register which slows things down a lot when there 's only two employees working . they make my sandwich quicker than they check me out sometimes so for that they lose one star .	870
0	my reason for the two stars was the s-l-o-w service . we waited about an hour for our dinners . i ordered an appetizer when we first arrived and it was served about five minutes before the dinners . the children had ordered from kids menu which included the salad bar . without the salad bar , the kids would have been overly hungry by the time food arrived . i probably would not return to this restaurant due to our experience with service .	831
1	this place is just like the hawaii chop suey places . crispy gau gee , cake noodles , kau yuk , roast duck , cold ginger chicken , spareribs ... just like home . one of my ex-bruddahz recommended this place and i got ta say i was impressed . this is not panda or any of those other `` chinese '' places , this is the real mccoy or should i say real makoi hawaii-style pake food .	1103
1	i took some drop-in classes for waltz here with my fiance , and we had a very good experience . the studio is beautiful and the staff is very nice .	2560
0	i got ramen noodle yesterday for lunch , but noodle became brown and got moldy . i like japanese snack but they do n't carry enough anymore . only 1good thing they open till 11:00pm .	715
1	i called scottsdale plumbing based on a recommendation from our handyman . robert was prompt , courteous and competently replaced our water main in the timeframe promised in his estimate .	1572
0	this store was completely out of starbucks pods today . clerk said the did n't order enough . i asked him to look in the back and he refused . also , salmon was on sale and they charged me full price . they no longer carry vials two-pack of refresh eye drops .	2172
0	yeah so i was here on saturday night , having a good time , about to finish my stein , until this guy joshua was telling us to leave . like okay i know it 's cashing out time , but this guy does n't have to be so rude . i only need 5 mins to finish my beer . my whole night could have been great but its ruined by this dipshit . anyway great place tho .	1583
0	forgettable experience . asked our waiter what is popular , he said to toss a coin . we choose 2 cioppinos . even after a 50 % off comp ! it came to $ 68 with tip . they added 18 % automatically without informing me . i caught it right before tipping out myself . for value and great seafood , i 'll stick to tides at green valley ranch . shame on you guys ! but hey , your bread was good . i 'll give you that !	603
0	this is a great little market for picking up some quick necessities like milk or bread . but it 's cleanliness begs for help , and the produce is always near expiration ( if not already going bad ! ) .	365
0	the customer service department at this location is horrendous ! i was treated very poorly by a disgruntled young girl named alyssa but surprisingly worse by self identified store manager joan . she refused to search for an out of stock product at another store . neither one of these people would be employed by my company if they treated a customer the way i was treated .	1178
0	i go here for all my oil changes and car issues . came in because both my check engine light and tire pressure light came on right after i got new tires and an oil change and they want to try and charge me . go f*** yourselves . be professional and fix the problems you 've messed up on .	1895
0	i get the concept , and it has an old school atmosphere when a car is n't shinning their high beams through the front window . the jukebox is cool to look through . but let 's be straight , this is a dive bar with non dive bar prices . $ 6.50 for an old fashioned ? heck , an old style in a bottle was $ 3 , i 'd hate to find out what a spotted cow is .	1858
1	david 's hairstyling best blow dry in town . nobody does it better then david . # feellikeamodel # davidshaurstyling # 1416centrestreet	804
1	my 3 1/2 year old son has gone here since birth and we have never had any issues with any of his care . he sees dr. jennifer caplan and she has always been pleasant , down-to-earth , and willing to entertain my questions . my son loves dr. caplan . in fact , i confess to once having my friend call the house and ask to talk to my son , pretending to be dr. caplan , and telling my son about how vegetables were good for you and she wanted him to eat them . that night the broccoli was cleaned from his plate ! : )	3134
1	just what we were looking for ! we wanted some authentic mexican food that is n't available in vegas , and we loved this place !	562
1	we love living here . the pool and facilities are awesome . there is also a lot of security , which is a plus being so close to the strip . very quiet neighbors and dog friendly . walking distance to the linq and ellis island . great value for being so close to the strip .	3718
0	food was okay . burgers were kind of bland but the sweet potato fries were really good .	534
1	i just got coupons to this place in the mail . i went with a friend and we were impressed with how large it is . the hostess was kind and showed us to our booth . the sushi is spot on . i think this place will be my new go to place for sushi and asian food . if you have kids who do not like asian food , they have pizza , french fries and chicken too . i would highly recommend to anybody . do n't let the negative reviews sway your opinion . it is the best out there .	1302
0	pharmacy tech billy always makes visits to the pharmacy an unpleasant one . he has a bad attitude as if he hates his job . the first time i let it go , because we all have bad days , but apparently this is just the way he is . never have a problem with any other employee when i go in there . taking my business to a competitor down the block .	1641
1	so happy ! i work lots of hours and just finally got my cracked screen to these guys . looks brand new ! ! ! was sick of face timing and muting people by accident and not being able to read the top of my screen . but it 's all good now !	378
1	first time playing pool at this bar ... how come no one told me about this awesome place sooner ! tons of pool tables and lots of space to play in . i do n't think their prices have increased since 1981 ! talk about a good deal on drinks . andrea was our bartender . she was super cool , friendly and attentive . her welcoming attitude really helped make us feel at home even though it was our first time . i lost every game of pool i played , lol , but now i found a great bar to get some practice at . my new favorite spot !	3674
1	this place is amazing ! so clean , so fun , so different and stylish . comfortable place to hang out and stay . the suites are really nice . everyone was really nice .	3522
0	not impressed . i showed up on a saturday night in tears and could barely get out the words that my puppy had broken his leg . i did n't get a compassionate feeling from them but they had no problem collecting $ 450 from me for the care they gave him ( placed a soft cast on him , xrays and medications ) . i would n't ever go back here again . shame on me for not researching other emergency animal care offices that might have been a better choice . i sure will now . i do n't recommend this place !	3334
0	it 's got a nice view , but is that worth ridiculous prices and shitty cocktails ? nah it 's also way smaller than the pictures let on .	3877
1	ehh.. super hard eating this place . it 's difficult to find an ice cream you like but when you find it , its amazing ! super cute shop and a nice little house for your dog to wait .	703
1	you got ta love wally world ! ! cheap prices , can return stuff w/out a receipt ! got vision , money center , micky d's..its the ultimate place lmao !	2141
0	we often come here because it 's convenient and they have really good chicken wings . but that 's about it . the pizza is simply flavorless and just plain gross . the toppings , no matter how many combos you try , they never make it taste any better . i 've given them a chance too many times just because i wish they would have good pizza to go with my wings ! but i 've given up on this place because the service is consistently rude for no reason at all . forget it .	417
0	way too expensive for drinks . good place to people watch .	3343
0	expensive and horrible service . they cut my finger during my manicure and gave me no massage . would not go back there even with a gift certificate !	2922
1	really good pitas and salads ! great customer service too ! food always hot and fresh ! portions are really huge and enough for 2 people ! will definitely be going back !	389
0	so my mom goes here and the dr is good but her surgery person katey ca n't return a simple phone call you have to travel to the actual dr office and call her from there for her to answer . when i finally spoke to her she denied any phone calls stating they record all calls and then finally placing the blame on the receptionists that maybe it was them who did n't pass along the message . if you work in an industry where scheduling surgeries is your job be responsible as call people back .	513
0	as promised , here are the very links for safe security ! smart security tricks you into signing up for this company for monitoring ! this , of course , includes a review from yelp itself ! no retort after your message , josh ? do you want more proof ? https : //www.consumeraffairs.com/homeowners/safe_security.html https : //www.yelp.com/biz/safe-security-san-ramon https : //alarm-reviews.net/safe-security-system-reviews/ https : //besthomesecuritycompanys.com/company/safe-security/ i have called you and left a message . i am awaiting your call ...	2773
0	since writing this review i 've gotten threatening messages from the heavy set barber dave . do not wate your time or money at this barber shop ! ! ! ! ! ! apparently your a bitch for warning others of a bad establishment ... .low class barber shop this reflects on the lack of care in management ... if they keep employing barbers that are not consistent and threatening the customer for letting others know about there inconsistent haircuts and foul mouth . i truly hope this review helps others	2591
1	terry and the crew at vintage were able to immediately identify and fix multiple problems on a vintage truck . problems that other shops did not diagnose or repair properly . vintage was more than fair and their service is excellent . hands down the best repair shop for classic/vintage autos in arizona . honest , fair , and great service . i have used them multiple times and highly recommend the shop .	1318
0	i went to this place because of a groupon and now will not be coming back . the gel chipped in just 3 days . never happened to me that fast before . i also took my daughter and this was the first place that did not offer to paint any images on her nail .	1288
0	scheduled service and they canceled the day they were suppose to come about 2 hours into their quoted timeframe , rescheduled and sat around for an entire saturday since we had a timeframe of 1-7 no one ever showed up so we wasted an entire day waiting for service ! ! ! customer service was no help , we will be looking elsewhere for our quarterly service .	2351
0	my first experience was good ... my second ... horrible ... . the staff is rude , the owner does n't care and my goodness if you have a scent allergy , stay away ... the bartender wore so much fragrance , i could n't breathe , taste my food or enjoy my wine ... and the manager was so rude ... .. never went back , next door is pizzaiolo where i frequent since the rude women in bistro 19 think they own the place	1171
1	dr checroun is the best . always on time or early , patiently answers questions , explains why he is doing what . his staff is great to work with , from picking out new glasses to emailing a prescription for a spare pair . i highly recommend precision eyecare .	2497
1	the staff here can do it all . get a new look , destress and relax or just indulge . they have what you want .	3263
0	my wife and i had dinner saturday night we ate here before and was very pleased . well i guess their are new owners and its not the same place . our server was terrible she did n't know the menu , she forgot our drinks twice , never received our salads , dinner came and the steaks were over cooked and tough . told her how terrible and all she said is sorry the only thing we got fast was our check . no one cares at this place and i will not return and warn everyone .	979
0	while it is gratifying to have more than two people working the cash registers , it is very discouraging to have the one i ask for a price on foam - by - the - yard tell me she was too busy to put the prices on the display . of the three displays , not one had pricing . this is a busy location with thousands of items . it must be tedious to tend to displays . however , if the details are left undone , it is difficult to support the store .	1937
1	had cheeseburgers with regular and poutine style fries , and a pitcher of goose . all delicious . live music was great , and so was service .	2732
1	good mix of different types of tacos . even though the weather was n't the best and it rained the whole day we were there , we enjoyed our tacos and a margarita . it was a family event so it 's great for the kids ! all tacos are 2 dollars , they have a token system and only accept cash , so remember to bring cash or you will have to use atms onsite which charge . the use of cash is what brought this down to 4 stars , otherwise it would have gotten 5 stars .	1392
1	top quality breakfast place . came in at 7 am , served quickly , food was out of this world , we paid by 7:30 am . great service too .	243
0	ordered calamari , curry mussels and crab cake and roasted chicken with mash potatoes and string beans . crab cake was under cooked and terrible . calamari was ok , mussels were small ! so disappointed : - (	951
0	have been a patient of drs mckenna and richardson . wait time was absolutely awful . i walked in for one appointment and dr mckenna was running 90 minutes late . it was more like 1 hour and 30 minutes . i refused to pay my copay which did n't go over very well . my time is just as important as his . i wanted to reschedule but could n't get an appointment for over two weeks dr richardson was not helpful with my sinus issue . i have found another doctor who i feel really cares . between the staff treatment of patients and the wait time i would actually give this practice no stars .	1916
0	large transfer station , north/south , west/east . can be overwhelming , very busy . unfortunately ttc is too small for a big city , no relief lines.. chaos occure often . very bland looking station .	3864
1	while i do n't have a green thumb , i very much enjoy having low-maintenance plants around the house . it 's nice to be able to walk into a bonafide garden centre and proclaim , `` i just want a plant that 's hard to kill , '' without the judgment ! i 've consistently found that the staff are helpful and courteous . what 's best is that they stand by their plants with a 3 month satisfaction guarantee !	3645
0	after a number of issue with this pharmacy , mostly long waits and orders not filled on time i now go to a cvs store further away just to avoid this store .	3583
1	in my opinion , this is the best place to find camping gear in las vegas . i scoured rei , bass pro shops for certain items , like a quality camping shower , without success . this place , turned out , to be the only place in las vegas to find the shower i was looking for . they also had a lot of great stuff like reusable camping plate/cup/utensil sets , magnesium flint fire starters , cast iron skillets , and percolators . they also had a nice selection of sleeping bags with prices comparable to amazon . score ! i 'm definitely going to go back to check out their mountaineering and other sports gear . this place has everything !	3760
0	the worst car rental experience from customer service perspective ( actual car worked fine ) . do not use them . i wish i had looked at yelp before renting but i rented through southwest so assumed they would be good . noooo ! horrible customer service . had to wait over an hour to get the car -- long line at counter . added on extra charges to final invoice so no longer a low rate . hassle to deal with from start to finish .	3595
0	horrible . we wound up paying way more than what we signed up for on line . paid over $ 600 for a car that was originally supposed to be around $ 265 . my fault for signing ... .should have just walked away . deceptive talking . phoenix does have extremely high taxes ... but be very careful.. never , never again .	3595
1	great service . new 24 hour kiosk is awesome for mailing letters , large envelopes and packages within the us , and also for buying stamps .	3230
1	ive been coming here on and off for 10 yrs . great customer service . my pedis are awesome . thank you . and when we make it a girls day . yep all my girls are happy ...	2915
0	i wanted to love this place . i love many south american wines and was pretty excited to see that they serve quilmes ... but really , this place is just meh . small building , the bar has only 4 seats . the patio is the main draw . how do they get away with opening this place 6 years after postino 's and still try to rip it off ? the bruschetta is way better at postino , and you get more . the wine and beer list is also better at postinos , and is waaaaay better priced . not really worth checking out ... there are many other wine bars that are better .	263
1	i live several miles away , but i travel to nobel beast to pick up my dog food once a month . it 's that good ! !	1565
0	we thought we would try this place since the kitchen table down the street had an hour wait . service was good but food was just okay . ordered corn beef hash and eggs since the server said anything with corn beef was excellent . was pretty disappointed as the corn beef was pretty dry and stringy . hubby had breakfast sandwich with one egg over medium which came out over hard . bacon was so sweet he could n't eat it . kiddo had pancakes which were very good . would recommend passing on this one .	57
0	omg . first time i 've been here . had a large ( work ) lunch to order , figured i 'd go inside . horrible idea . it was 113 degrees outside , and 94 inside omg . i about died . it took forever for the food to be ready . the employees are friendly though , and very welcoming . maybe , i 'll hit this place up again , and change my review . until then , do n't eat inside ! !	1511
0	the worst pedicure of my life . my 11 year old daughter gives a better pedicure . the woman would not stop talking . she cut my skin around my toes . cut my nails into the corners , i 'll probably have an ingrown toenail . i have about 20 layers of polish and they still look aweful . worst experience . completely uncomfortable . nothing relaxing whatsoever .	3450
0	update : after i got my haircut , i tried to style my hair on my own and i realized how very uneven the layers were . there was a chunk of hair that just sat on my head that i could n't do anything with . i did n't notice initially because my hair was flat ironed after the cut . i just got another haircut from somewhere else and it made me realize how `` off '' this cut really was .	2448
0	we eat here frequently and normally have a good experience . food is always good but the service was not up to the normal standards last night . tyler your tip was bad because you did a horrible job . i always tip 20 % min . your lose pal .	560
0	food was just okay . the short rib dip was cold . the side salad was what you would get on the tray of food you get on a plane . my moscow mule was flat . i pretty much wo n't be returning . bummer , it 's close to home .	1331
0	tooooo fucking expensive for regular folks . i walked a few miles just to get there . stupid bitch at the desk acted like everything else was important . i asked go take a picture with my own damn phone and the bitch say that will be $ 20 . wtf . get out of here with that bullshit bitch . i have plenty of just about everything there . trust me .	1885
0	hot and small , but yelawolf is here so everything is going to be okay . there is 2 bars and a beer stand so between the three it 's fairly easy to get a drink . edit . sound here fucking sucks	17
1	always fresh produce and good quality product . great store .	1686
0	lost my insurance because of turning 26 and new to town . needed a referal and a prescription i 've been on 1/3rd of my life refilled . after paying my $ 50 the doctor would not even see me . they refunded the money back to my card which will take days . they did n't care about the circumstances , a real doctor with real knowledge would of at least spoke to me before making his decision . i say avoid this place like the plague . bad people deserve to go out of business . you should not let people who wo n't even listen to you , treat you . what a joke	1466
1	i was down at the deerfoot meadows location last saturday and received a hot shave and scalp treatment from tianna , it was the best and most thorough shave i 've had and the scalp treatment was so relaxing that if she had not been so great a conversationalist i would have fallen asleep . whenever i go in there i am treated like family ( a grandfather probably at my age ) . i highly recommend this location .	226
1	wow ! finally i place i can take my kids and have some `` me time '' too ! the staff is super friendly and the owners ok the time to make me and kids feel totally welcomed ! my girls want their bday parties there with their besties ! the massage chairs totally rocked !	1631
1	i love this place ! good menu and delicious food and ambience . if you bring a child make sure they are manageable . they do have burgers for children .	1147
1	wow , i just popped in here to take a look , and found these portuguese egg tarts which i have n't had since my trip to lisbon . they are great , in lisbon i was eating 2 or 3 of them a day , i liked them so much ! so at this wonderful bakery on rachel street i bought two of these lovely pasteis de nata and ate them for a treat . they were delicious ! a taste just like i remembered from portugal ! obrigado !	1109
0	this 7-eleven is fucking bullshit this old ass guy who thinks he is some kind of gangster on the graveyard shift is a fucking punk ! ! ! hey act like an employee of establishment not like a thug high on meth ! note to the owner ... ... drug test your employees	508
0	the slowest , uncaring , bad customer service , employees do n't smile take there time ! ! ! !	266
0	the food taste great but the sub was very skimpy i ask for extra lettuce i got very very little lettuce and it was minus the tomato on my sandwich they did get that right i go to other jimmy johns and parma and middleburg never have an issue this location in strongsville twice now i 've had an issue . just want to let other people that love jimmy johns no do n't go to strongsville and i did call them to let them know they just said ok will let the manager know	1152
1	my car looks like new ! i had some scratches and really bad hard water stains that all got taken care of . ramsey is the best ! he has worked on my friends cars before and always provides great work . this company is cheaper than other ones i have looked at . overall very satisfied	2888
1	i 've been coming here regularly lately and i 'm not % 100 on why . i think it is either that they have fixed there wings and now serve some of the best wings again or if i 'm just addicted to pool . a word of advice , you may want to order your food , drink etc . at the bar or you could be waiting a while to get served . its either the new waitress is slow but i 'm more inclined to believe that this has something to do with the gentlemen at the entrance of the pool section who are loud , obnoxious and intimidating , also they keep wreaking the mens ' bathroom for no apparent reason .	3432
1	great chocolate tea and basil flavored cupcakes ! ! ! i 'm seriously on a cupcake high !	3749
0	no customer service ! went there expecting to be shown the `` treasures '' but instead walked around aimlessly without a soul in sight . i went in to ask a question and the person behind the counter was chatting it up with a friend at the `` bar '' not a business transaction.certainly not interested in my business ... no problem they need not worry about it . ever .	1987
1	it is what it is , you get what you pay for ! ! i was pleased when they upgraded me to a suite ! ! the people that worked there were very friendly and helpful . if you want luxury stay at the wynn , if you want a cheap room and a good value stay here !	3630
0	had the same experience as chris n. below , we had reservations ( on my birthday ) , waited an hour and a half to get our table and then ended up leaving before even ordering any food because we were starving . we got a shrug and no real apology ( `` it 's saturday and we 're busy '' - we had a reservation ! ) , have heard the food but the customer service and attitude were appalling .	638
0	this place is the chaos ! busy and completely disorganized . i was waiting for 40 minutes for a to go order and still did not get it . just left .	875
0	this is all i seem to get from the reviews about both playa cabana and hacienda : vibe and decor . well i happen to prefer food above all else if it 's a restaurant and this place really disappoints . tacos are just loaded with `` fixins '' and therefore just have no character or taste . i am sure garnish and toppings are important but it can also be a neat way to grossly overcharge someone . maybe learn from grand electric . $ 3.50 a taco but pretty damn good tacos for toronto . you can actually taste the meat and not feel like you ate a taco stuffed with coleslaw and radish !	1305
0	i 've been to this restaurant in montreal , ottawa & toronto - they really need to work on their food - i know we just ordered an app platter but it was disgusting - same experience at every location - thankfully the beer is decent - i think i am done trying to make this place into something it is n't	670
1	was in the area and wanted to try this place . cody the young man on counter greeted me & explained the differences in the sauces , what i really liked was he told me his favorites and made time for me as i was asking alot of questions . i finally chose the hoover dam and man it was amazing . food quality is hot & fresh and wings are of good size . upon finishing my food again cody came to table and ask if we needed refills or anything else . service was top notch . super clean small lobby will be returning for sure thanks for amazing service .	1397
0	worse threading job i 've ever gotten . i explicitly asked for `` cleanup '' and not to go too thin . not only did i get very thin brows , one eyebrow is incredibly choppy & will now have to fill in my brows . i would have been better off plucking .	3853
0	awful service attitude ! when you walk in the place 9:40pm on a extremely cold snow day after doing your research on yelp which saying the place will not close until an hour later , the staff did not bother to explain their secret closing time but just shovelled you away saying 'it 's close ' while greeting and serving other guests as usual . ca n't believe how a cozy and warm noodle place just turned this way in no more than half year . would give zero star if app allows and will never pay another visit .	790
0	omg . what the heck happened . i used to come here all the time for several years . it was $ 7.00 a haircut . then i come back after a few months away and now it 's doubled to $ 14.00 ! the haircuts are so so . average stylists . it 's what i would pay 7 bucks for . not 14 . with that price i 'd rather go somewhere else . way too expensive for what you get .	2522
1	first time in henderson , nv for a vacation off the strip . first time staying at the hampton inn . we rented a mini suite two queen beds . the room very clean , with lots of fresh clean towels . the hotel was a little old but very , very clean . the hotel staff was excellent . the breakfast was hot and well done and lots of food . the breakfast server was excellent and very helpful . free newspaper . out doors and pool area clean . felt safe at the hotel . i would mostly recommend this hotel because of the nice staff . i would stay at a hampton inn .	3802
1	fantastic sushi restaurant ! taylor was great on the phone as i made a reservation . very friendly and courteous . she also happened to be our waitress and was great at making suggestions ! our drinks never went empty as she was always there to refill them . sushi selection is fresh and the rolls very creative but delicious . amazing happy hour as well . you ca n't leave without trying their delicious hawaiian bread pudding . amazing ! great food , staff , and ambiance . highly recommended .	602
0	my partner and i stopped in here today and were completely ignored by the employee ( no hello , no head nod , not even any eye contact ) who nevertheless somehow found it inside himself to greet those who entered after us . perhaps our converse and jeans make us too déclassé to shop at cornerstone , and while money may not be able to buy us class , that thousand bucks we almost dropped on what was admittedly a gorgeous sofa is going to go to another store whose employees will at least acknowledge their ( potential ) customers .	1674
1	very nice and professional staff ! this life storage is owned and operated by a friendly , elderly couple . the facilities are ample in size and very well maintained . highly recommended !	3919
1	what a great place ! i could spend hours in their showroom and wandering around all the plies of old wood and wondering about its origins . i got two great beams of chestnut . the staff is very knowledgable and friendly . i will frequent this place often .	2404
1	you pay less for exactly the same cakes , desserts , and pastry from pusateri 's . i got a big pistachio cake for a birthday party and it was fresh and affordable compared to other well known bakeries . excellent customer service and the manager of the store including the workers were very positive and fast . i would definitely come here for brunch or coffee and desserts .	160
0	never ever stopping by here again . absolutely painful and then when i asked for them to leave them thick they thinned them to much . only reason i give the 2 stars was because the place was clean and they were affordable	3327
0	the staff is nice , but the food not so much . i asked for a rare steak and got a medium . i sent it back and the steak they replaced it with was between medium-rare and medium . the first steak actually looked nice and seared , the second steak had no sear at all . it looked like something i 'd get at denny 's for 10 bucks . severely unimpressive for a $ 26 steak .	1491
0	i 've been here for 4 hours . in that four hours i 've seen about 35 to 40 minutes of actual work being done on my car . do not come here if you do n't want to be overcharged for labor . if there was a zero star option i would have selected it .	2212
1	grilled squid is very tender and it goes well with the tangy garlic dipping sauce . the green curry with chicken is flavourful , the spicy level is 2 chillies seems just right . the pai thai with chicken i had is a bit on the sweeter side . this thai restaurant is authentic and i am looking very much froward to trying different dishes !	553
1	awsome food ! if you 're looking for fancy , dainty , or any adjective other than basic - forget it . real back to fundamentals food ! burger - beef , fried , nothing else . ( with cheese is default ) no special sauce or secret seasonings , just real meat . they do have a `` garnish '' bar - but do n't look for the lettuce . fries - potatoes , fresh cut before your eyes , then fried - in lard . coke - cold , in a glass bottle , made with real sugar . enjoy your burger , fries , and a coke unadulterated !	75
0	i was on hold for 12 min and then some rude woman picked up the phone and had a lot of attitude while talking to me on the phone , then she hung up ... please , hire professional and polite stuff .	3134
1	very good burger , very poor desert . went there sunday , the right burger to order is any of the giant ones , the regulars are really small . i 'm a hungry guy ... lots of fries though , and my wife loved the curly shape thing , i think they are called suzy q fries ?	1280
1	very nice place . very small . good customer service . the cookies and cream ice cream were very delicious . hella nutella was sooo yummy .	2548
0	like previous reviews , the service sucks and not the greatest areas of town . i usually get the norm for me which is a jcf ... this place is always busy and they do have a tendency to skip orders ... not the best way to run a business . i guess i 'll deal with crummy service vs waiting at a coffee shop .	683
1	this hotel is super clean ! the lobby is decorated nicely and the common areas , hallways , sitting areas , exercise room , pool all very clean . the rooms look updated and the price was very reasonable booked directly with hilton no third party site needed . the staff was super friendly and welcoming even interacting with my kids . would stay here again without a doubt it 's hard to find hotels that are clean with good amenities .	2814
1	we had a great time here for dinner . the burgers were all cooked to order and the fries were delicious . the mac and cheese was so good . they make it themselves with a bunch of different cheeses ! the one at the table who got the strawberry salad said it was absolutely delicious and would order it again , even at a burger place ! the beers were cold and tasty , love the selection ! our server was very friendly as well as other staff we interacted with ! cool place for burgers and beer ( obviously-b2b ) lol this was a good night for them , a+	496
0	not the cleanest of places . parking lot starts off the adventure by always having carts all over the place and trash blowing around . many times they do not have the items i have on my list . prices are not very reasonable either for the quality of produce .	1223
1	we loved our outing with rockstar ! our host was jazzy , and she and the bus bartender did a great job making sure we had fun the entire evening ! the helicopter tour was unforgettable , and even though the helicopter people got delayed by like an hour , jazzy made sure to touch base with us and went out of her way to find us at the first venue . the party bus was the secret hit of the evening ; i honestly would have preferred we just stay on it all night ! it 's an awesome get for any bachelorette/bachelor party ! : ) definitely will rebook the next time i 'm in town !	2122
0	if you want atmosphere , it 's a great , great , great coffee shop . if you want espresso , food , or fast service , unfortunately , look elsewhere . every visit here has had me run into friendly , talkative , awesome people , but i go to a coffee shop wanting coffee , honestly .	596
0	the water supply needs to be checked . the water tasted bitter ! also , the staff is ready to kick u out half an hour before the club closes ! i found that really rude . this is the last thing u expect when ure paying so much .	2762
0	waitress was rude and unpleasant . short blonde waitress , just went there tonight , will never go back , avoid her section	2505
1	love this place ! they are busy , but worth the wait . i have been coming here for 2 months now . well i used to be a loyal customer but had to stop the previous owners pissed me off . but i needed a pedi during valentine 's day and noticed some changes ! ! love it .	132
1	i had never been to a bww that was anything but a disaster , food wise , but we were out cycling , and this was the best time for a break . wife had a chicken salad thing and i had wings and a small salad and all were excellent . even the carrots and celery were fresh and crisp . 4 stars for breaking out of the mold .	383
0	cheap asses they charged me double to go down the slide with my two year old daughter when they had zero business . that 's just cheap and tasteless . i 'll pass for now on . oh and go to gilcrease for your pumpkin . it 's a real patch and the pumpkins are a quarter of the price .	1900
1	andrew and company have helped me prepare , rent and find wonderful tenants to live in my single family home . communication is wonderful , work is done efficiently , cost effectively , and quickly . my reports are timely and my proceeds deposited on time . i trust this company . i feel they are honest , and take care of my home as if it were theirs . i live in los angeles , and have a very open and honest working relationship with this company . very happy .	1465
0	nice pool and love laying out at the pool with the sand and waterfall . however , frank the bartender is horrible ! slow to get the drinks and provides horrible service . the other bartender when we came back for our second round was so much better ! gave two star strictly because frank ... sucks !	2193
1	i highly recommend this branch ! scott goes above and beyond for his clients and always does it with a smile	2760
1	two blown tires was not exactly how i wanted to spend my first few hours in pittsburgh , but it happened . after my car was towed to pep boys , i perused the yelp reviews and was nervous by the low ratings . fortunately i had an incredible experience here . the customer service was amazing and the service was quick and efficient . i encountered 4 different guys while getting everything sorted out and all of them were very nice and sincere .	3020
1	love this place . definitely a place to be on a warm or cool night . enjoy the great ice cream and sit by the veranda .	3537
1	i often have to have short meetings with clients ... and they always suggest starbucks - where 20 other little groups are always meeting . now when i can i will be trying to direct them to camille by manon . the wifi is 100x better , the staff is friendlier , all of the food i 've tried , from sausage croissants to desserts has been amazing ... i hope to never have to deal with a starbucks meeting again .	284
0	it 's all about the dollars -- not your health . the del webb location charged my insurance for a fmla form ( $ 45 ) that they did not complete -- ( is that fraud ? ? ) ended up paying for services that my insurance would have covered if coded correctly . 0 stars..	2618
1	best bar on mill ave , great staff , great place to play pool , best long island teas u will ever have definitely going to keep coming	1966
1	i really wanted some dessert but everything seem closed ( what 's up with that pittsburgh ? ) . a quick yelp search led me to this place and yum . got some cookie ice cream sandwiches that beat any diddy riese ( los angeles ) or cream ice cream sandwiches out the water . decent ice cream with unique flavors and the most perfect of fresh cookies . we also took some cookies to go that we ate for the next two days and they were still as yummy . highly recommended !	181
0	decided to go here to see civil war horrible .. usually they ok with everything but the ac was horrible . full show and everyone in there was melting ... super hot and they never turned on the ac at all ... upset ! ! ! ! !	3947
0	hire more people if you are backed up . do not promise what you can not deliver . you were trying to over sell my 85 year old grandmother a new compressor and you never showed up ! ! ! shame on you ! ! ! you left her without air or a call over 24 hours . shameful ! ! do not use them .	1564
1	one of my favorite high end casual clothing brands . go japan ... even tho its a uk designer .	2395
1	my wife and i are `` taco enthusiasts '' and this place has delicious food . i always go for the `` cabeza '' ( head ) , and `` tripas '' ( tripes ) tacos everywhere we 've visited and did n't disappoint at all . if you 're looking for a top notch customer service , i think you should simply stay away since i strongly believe these kind of restaurants are still in business because of the delicious food they serve not the service itself . although , the ladies i interacted with were rather nice , actually !	3858
0	so we waited 45 minutes and the waitress never even came by to refill our drinks . never brought our appetizers and was generally rude . the manager was no better when we asked about when our food would arrive . he blamed it on supply problems ? if you do n't have something tell the customers not just let them wait . we will never be back . giving 1 star because i ca n't give it zero .	68
0	i called their `` corporate office '' at the end of december and never got a response back . i figured maybe they would care that their employees are unprofessional and are probably losing money for the company . i guess they do n't .	2648
0	way overpriced , not clearly marked ! very disappointed . will not be returning . food was ok , but not worth the price !	209
1	i would say 3 stars for the food , but rounding up because we had very courteous and polite service . we tried some of their dumplings , pork and crab versions of the siu loong bao , as well as some of their signature buns . they were just okay . the hand shredded cold chicken dish was okay too . we were a large party of 15 that walked in for a late lunch , and they were very nice and gave us the semi-private back room with a large table for all of us . we left a personal item behind and the manager was very nice to help us retrieve it when we called to track it down .	943
1	our server slooty killed it ! great experience . appreciate her keeping it real .	1529
1	paul was a relief when we were in need of a vehicle after our car accident , he was attentive and very courteous . in our situation we had to extend the lease multiple times and never had any issues . i will not only rent from enterprise again but most likely from the office at 75th and cactus location .	3024
1	super fast , easy , and convenient ! we use uber all the time ! never had anything but a great experience !	2878
1	busy busy busy at 9am . the order window was broke when we went , might have led to that . still giving them stars as the staff was helpful and i like dunking donuts . inside is clean and the line moved quickly . i appreciated they had a person go behind the counter and take coffee orders which helped the line and people getting their orders faster	1770
0	so this was my first time at this place on saturday i was getting a fill and i always get gel so that 's what i asked for . well my nail technician air brushed the white tip and then put a & d gel and said that 's how gel is done . i am shocked but whatever , then i left a few hours later two nails cracked and broke off because they were thin as paper and not strong at all . i want my money back but we will see when i visit this place tomorrow . i will never return and i do n't recommend to ask for french acrylic especially gel nail polish because it 's awful !	2127
1	i highly recommend this chandler crossroads me . it 's clean and inviting . the front staff are very helpful , polite and always have a smile on . rooms are clean and welcoming . there are plenty of therapists each with their own strengths and all very competent . it took me a few therapists , not that they were n't all very good , to find the one for me . ask for heather g but be prepared to book at least 3 weeks out if you want her ... yes she 's worth it . i always look forward to my next visit . check this place out . you 'll leave relaxed and well taken care of .	2120
0	the most miserable people on earth work here . not sure if that was a part of the job requirement or not ? also they go back and forth handling the food and cash without using gloves . ie : when scooping blackberries out of jar to make açai bowl . sadly , i do enjoy the açai bowl & the location works for me .	9
0	food is always on point and very good but service if terrible . we tend to come often but service never improves . i will actually say that service was bad when they open and it 's gotten worse as time passes .	69
0	the food is excellent and the service is impressive . every worker there is efficient and friendly- i have not , however , been impressed with a worker there named frank . through my experiences , it seems that he was puts up a sort of facade to customers , and i always notice the awful manner in which he treats the other employees . i do not appreciate his mannerisms , or the rude , snide , and passive-aggressive comments i hear him say . i do hope i never encounter him again , as wildflower has been our families favorite spot- that is , without his tendency to spoil it .	1387
1	i really do n't know where all of these low ratings are coming from . my experience from the front desk to the doctor rate 5 stars all the way . i was treated very well . i literally was at my wits end with my own doc and they took care of me without any problem . in and out in no time at all and would n't hesitate to go back . thank you so much to everyone on staff ! !	2517
0	service was excellent but the food was just ok . it was very busy during lunch and was hard to get a table . we attempted to get two tables but other rude people jumped in front to claim it . i 'll pass on this place next time .	1387
1	this was my first visit . i have recently moved to the area and asked a friend where to go she highly recommended viva and boy was she right . from the moment i walked in and was greeted by i believe the owner with great hair and his cheerful assistant with good hair too to the moment i checked out i was 110 % satisfied.. the women who did my pedicure was fabulous . i have horrible ingrowns she was so gentle and thorough ... the place is beautiful , clean , everyone is very friendly and its so relaxing.. viva keep being fabulous ! you definitely have a very satisfied forever customer right here ... jenn ( stay strong )	786
1	my favourite flower shop ! i 've ordered all my flowers here , despite living in the deep se . prices are more then reasonable even for my wedding flowers . they 've always gone above and beyond . when i ordered my wedding flowers here and said `` this is what i need , this is my budget '' i was n't picky what i got i just wanted a `` spring flower '' bouquet and it was even more beautiful then i had imagined . all the staff is very sweet and easy to work with : )	3275
1	not the best burrito i have had in the city , fat bastard definitely takes the prize . but very good . fresh ingredients - they have all the usual : guac , lettuce , tomatoes , jalapeños , i got the fish which was beyond delicious and there was a lot , perfectly battered and fried . i also like the fact that they have choices of size . go for the extra large or you will always wonder what could have been ... the actual inside of the restaurant is pretty small , maybe 12-16 seats ? i would suggest getting take out .	31
0	very disorganized . just waited three hours for a test to be rescheduled . i may have to look for a new neurologist . long wait . saw the dr for the first time last week . already felt unsure . not a great way to start .	2175
1	great clinic with the nicest vets and staff i 've ever encountered . they always explain what they 're doing and why , and they always provide an estimate for major work . everyone who works there is clearly an animal lover . and it shows in all their interactions . we recently had to put one of our cats to sleep , and the staff at the clinic sent us flowers . seriously , best customer service ever .	2487
0	tried bush 's chicken the first time since i felt like having some fried chicken . it will be my last time . i had the 2 piece combo . the chicken was not tasty at all . the mashed potatoes and even the iced tea were n't worth eating/drinking . sorry , but i will definitely not come back . the only thing that was ok was the employee that helped me .	862
0	one of the worst chipotles you could possibly go to . the employees are sluggish , the tables were n't clean , and half the drinks were out of order . my burrito bowl was so below average , that i just threw it out . the rice was under done , hard as a rock , and the beans were not soft and were super cold . one of the employees that came from the back stood over top of my food starring at it while i was waiting at checkout . disgusting , thanks for breathing all over it . anyways , just seriously dont go to this chipotle . the guac is not good either and youll be so disappointed .	656
1	ordered online once and once i got there i had to wait about 10/15 minuets which was a drag but i 'll give them a pass cause it was busy . other than that this place was the beeezzneeezzz . everything on the menu is so good . if you like chipotle down the street , that 's cool , but if you want something a bit better , you would come to cafe rio !	1365
0	very unhappy precooked cold food and when i approached the mgr he was like o well . this is a once and done place to eat !	501
0	you do n't come here unless you have no alternatives ... and not much alternatives is the situation you get into when you come to large conventions at the lvcc . figure it will take you about half an hour to get your fix so it 's better to come here with friends and chat in line or better yet a friend willing to get your coffee for you !	2723
0	this place is shitty do n't waste ur time going here . other than that there was one good thing about this place lem me think ... . oh wait this place is shit . trust me do n't go smoothies taste like watered down fruit with more water the boba is hard as a rock do n't even know how it gets like that first time for everything though . i should have put one star but i 'm not a total ass	3137
0	i would not recommend mary ann ! the first time she did my hair it was perfect ! second time - what was supposed to be a 11:00 am appointment turned out to be 4 pm since she did not write it down ! very disorganized . what should have been golden brown color turned out pitch black and the products used caused a lot of itching to the scalp ! disappointing experience overall ! ! !	74
1	the owners are lovely and you can tell they take pride in their restaurant . great decor , cozy feel . my partner and i shared chicken and beef tacos , which were great ( although they could use some spice ! ) . also had the popcorn shrimp app - amazing .	273
0	i 've been going here for years and have been satisfied . they must have changed management . the last 2 visits have been less than pleasant . this last time they failed to put a return sticker on my windshield and when i called to find out about it they could not find my car in the computer . i 'm outta here for good .	2086
1	i love japanese food and although a lot of japanese restaurants / izakayas have been popping up in montreal lately , big in japan has been around the block for quite some time . always a good experience in my opinion . check out my review to find out more : http : //delifeed.ca/2015/08/06/big-in-japan-japanese-tavern/	1582
1	i was in the area for lunch and decided to give it a try . i 'm glad i did ! i had the black bean burger with quinoa salad and a drink . it was $ 9 and was fresh and delicious .	1090
0	dear ann marie , thank you for your comment ; however , you never tried to call us . i had to call back three days later and spoke to another supervisor about our situation . i was basically told the same thing with no resolution . the supervisor even apologized to me for not returning my call . she said she was , ironically , out sick .	2015
1	service was quick and friendly . walked in to have a battery changed in a watch took only five minutes to get in and out . i 've been here only once before to check out some watches .	2307
1	it 's a small joint , the prices are good , decent selection , the workers were nice . it is what it is . all the complaints i read are funny and justifiable i 'm sure . i guess i was lucky today .	2965
1	great food ! a bit pricey for dinner , but lunch time menu is reasonably priced . staff is super friendly . this place gets really busy after 5pm so call ahead to see if they can hold you a table . especially if you have a group of more than four .	632
0	had my first experience at pdq and my last . wendy 's is just down the street . half the price twice the taste .	998
1	finally decided to get a flu shot today and urgent care extra was the only place i could find that had them . +1 for them . typical urgent care facility with a larger than normal waiting room and friendly staff . when i arrived i asked how long it would take and was informed it would be about 20 minutes . turned out it took 75 minutes . i was n't the happiest about that , but then i 'm the one who waited until the last minute to get a flu shot . free wi-fi for the wait and ipads to use when you are in the exam room .	535
0	the game itself would n't register many of the scores . the tee was as high as the surface of the carpet . software sucked , we could n't enter players that came later . hit a ball in the hole and did nothing . topgolf is a real joke , more like an expensive driving range . i had 15 people there for a birthday and embarrassed myself . never again ! ! matter of time before people catch on to you !	1483
1	can not believe my last review was 4 years ago . they are just as good today and always consistent . i picked up shrimp moo shi , my first time trying this dish . so delicious . i like taking food home so i can eat a little at a time . they packaged it in such away , that makes it easy to heat up a small amount at a time . i just love this family run business . they really do quality dishes and reasonably priced .	420
1	stopped in over the weekend while i was in the area and grabbed takeout . we got 2 chicken and two goat rotis to take home for dinner and doubles for the road . not easy to eat in the car but so so delicious . had the rotis an hour later and they were incredibly delicious too . only complaint was there could have been more meat and gravy , it was a bit dry . the pepper sauce is amazing , hot but very flavourful ( i get it on the side ) . service was fast and friendly . will visit again when i 'm in the area .	462
0	they designed a garage system for us when finished we could n't get our cars in the garage . when this was pointed out to him he would n't do anything to correct the problem . do not do business with this outfit ! we are now going to have to spend more money for someone else to correct . bad situation .	1667
1	always drop off rx to have it filled so i do n't know about wait times . i will say that i do like the pharmacy manager who is very helpful when i need to ask questions . one staff pharmacist irena or something like that seems to be more on the indifferent side like other reviews state . cosmetics person is great , helps me find what i need when i want to change up some of the products i use .	1733
1	so happy to have a sauce close to home ! been going here since the first one in tucson . everything was great , as always . but please , please , please sauce management.. get the white chocolate out of the pizza cookie ! yuck ! and it 's hard to avoid ! lol ! but the bites with no white chocolate were great !	1161
0	housesitting less than 2 miles away and according to manager i 'm out of their delivery zone lol dear jimmy john 's corporate ... . get a clue on `` service ''	1340
0	if i could leave 0 stars i would . ahmad sharif-yazdi is a criminal and a crook . i will make it my life 's mission to inform other people of his ruthlessness .	3126
1	finally an honest repair shop ! both my boyfriend and i brought our cars in for a second opinion on seperate issues we were having and mike assured us we did n't need to make the repairs we were told . he is very helpful and clearly not out to rip you off . the location is out of my way , but i will happily make the drive to have trustworthy people work on my car ! they have all my business from now on .	281
1	dawn is amazing always smiling very helpful i love this girl and her service ... the staff at the pima location is always nice and friendly i been going there for 2yrs and worth every penny for laser hair removal .	343
1	i 've been visiting phoenix for years and this was my first time to the french grocery . i 'm now obsessed ! the breakfast croissants are outstanding ! they must put some sort of spread on them that 's delicious . the cappuccino reminds of cappuccino i had in paris . it 's not the generic stuff you get from big chains . the macarons were the best ! ! everything is reasonably priced and i loved the vibe . the staff was very friendly . the owner must be a fellow harry potter fan ! she complimented my hogwarts tee ! i highly recommend this fantastic place ! i 'll definitely be frequenting it !	1160
1	so glad we found this spot . really good food and drinks . coming back tonight for the live latin music .	190
1	thank you david for your help ! ! ! he was kind , courteous , and a pleasure to work with . he was very quick and efficient !	3595
0	there seem to be several recent reviews of the owner callie of this establishment not keeping her appointments and `` scamming '' her customers my wife is one of those involved . we paid her back in february and after being rescheduled over 6 times , i will be filing a claim through the court and suing to get our money back . i will reach out to everyone i see involved for more details .	1675
0	i was scheduled yesterday for my follow up and i was not put on the schedule like i was supposed to be . i even looked at my appt card to make sure it said the correct date and everything was correct . now i had to reschedule for monday . somebody did n't do their job ...	3928
0	dr. michelle mix is an awful human being ! ! ! ! ! she was rude and insensitive in regards to her patient 's death ! ! i am appauled and her behavior ! ! ! instead of treating high blood pressure , she induces it ! ! ! steer clear ! ! !	2735
1	our experience at mor furniture store today was nothing short of perfect ! we were helped by tim , who was extremely helpful , professional and helped us make our decisions . he is very knowledgeable with the products and just made everything super easy ! if you want a great experience go see tim at mor furniture ! ! ! thank you tim ! !	1640
1	aderra is a great location and the grounds are improving with the new management hired .. things are getting fix and improved to make aderra one of the more upscale condos in the area .	3475
1	get company ! arrived on time , did a thorough jobm , super clean & pleasant to work with .	2510
0	i have been a consistent customer since this bar is right next to my house and i have n't had a bad time here until tonight . there was a puddle of water that i slipped on and i informed an employee of the name of jimmy and he just laughed and when i left the puddle was still there . i also asked why my change was only 4 dollars when my check was 26 $ and i gave him 40 $ he said it was of two other drinks that he did n't ring up but were n't on my check which made me very skeptical . i 'm very upset and probably wo n't go back .	1520
1	was referred by two friends and could not have had a friendlier visit . i was able to schedule an appointment with ease as a new patient -- -all forms are online to avoid arriving too early and every single member of the staff was attentive and helpful . thank you !	2526
1	this filiberto 's is one of the better ones food wise . they provide quality food and usually fast . the girls are always very friendly . the store is old but fairly clean as well . i 'd definitely come back here with my buddies .	1382
0	if you want a great wash then do n't come here . if you want someone to get dust off , then this is your place . i had to pretty much dry the entire car off when i got home and got rid of the left over dirt ... kind of missing the point of a `` car wash '' tipped the dryer guys $ 5 . next time i will get out of the car and review their lack of detail before tipping so much .	2198
0	soooooo disappointed . as others had mentioned the onion rings are horrible ... just rings of grease . the actual hot dog and burger were tasty ... but bread and stuff not so much . i 've had better root beer ... odd after taste . we gave you a try ... there is potential .	953
0	this is a horrible store especially when compared to the store i typically go to in goodyear ! the pattern drawers are a mess and not in the correct drawers . there were only two employees i saw on the floor . one was at the register and the other was at the cut counter . there were eight people waiting to have something cut on a monday at 11:30am . just ridiculous ! then i went to check out . there was the person the cashier was checking outplus two others in front of me and three people behind	3876
0	it seems like every time my wife and i take our daughter here we make an appointment and we wait in the lobby for 30 minutes and wait another 45 minutes to an hour . this time they took 2 people without an appointment before us . our appointment was 10:10 we arrived at 9:50 and still waiting at 11:11 cause they taking non appointment first ... terrible terrible terrible	2461
0	we thought we would give it one more chance , but that turned out to be a mistake . we both had to send our food back . and , what canme back really was n't much better . with another new mexican restaurant just down the street there is no need to come back .	1558
0	consigners beware ... this business utilizes unethical practices . if you do n't want to become a victim like so many who were ripped off , then steer clear of this business . take this as a word of extreme caution by one such victim .	2924
1	my car was recently totalled and i was left with a week to find a new one . i 'll be the first to admit my credit sucks , these guys were awesome in helping me not only get the car i wanted but getting me financed . matt goldie helped me throughout this process and was always super responsive with any questions i had . you guys are awesome , thanks again !	394
1	great place ... . i had some moles checked and a wart removed ... . took20 minutes total	3598
0	last night i went there before they closed i needed to try on some things for work had to know if it would fit . when i asked to try them on they said the dressing room closes at 7:30pm and i was unable to use the dressing room . this sounds a little ridiculous considering you 're open till midnight so i had to buy items in different sizes so i could have the right outfit for work . i found the situation to be something they could 've easily rectified no one working there wants to help , they could have come up with a solution ! very lazy workers	2443
0	could not get ahold of them at all . had an emergency with out water heater and the line just rang and rang .	2106
1	go see hector the man , the myth , the legend ... he is by far one of the best barber i have ever had . his detail and precision with the blade and scissors is on point . highly recommended .	3469
1	i have purchased 2 benchmade knives from here already this week . great store with a huge selection . you can find most of these products a bit cheaper online but you get to handle the items here and i like supporting local business . staff is friendly and they have a lot of hard to find knives that you wo n't find in any other store in vegas .	2927
1	great spot right on the golf course . they have an excellent happy hour on both food and drink . their regular menu is also very good . they get busy in the early evenings for happy hour especially on thursdays and fridays . definitely worth coming out getting some food and drink and looking at the beautiful views .	751
0	fashion crimes has some wonderful finds . if you can find them . that 's the whole crime of this store ( ok. the awful puns stop now , i promise ) . good luck walking around -- dresses and racks and people are everywhere . i say this store is kinda of like the umbra of dresses . amazing to squeeze through and look at . not somewhere to go if you are seriously trying to buy something .	903
1	i have been a patient here for 4 years . the staff is caring and kind . i have always been greeted with a smile . the care has been excellent . dr. tom willim has been a blessing . he saved my life and has given me a future ! . when other doctors did n't help me , he did . he took the time to research , refer , and cure ! ! thanks warner family . you are all awesome	3349
0	i have come to this store several times now . as much as i just love the products that they sell i just can not shop in this store anymore . it 's the same thing every time i go there . the employees there are too busy talking to each other rather than talking to or helping the customers . they either need to be trained properly or fired . or maybe that is just how they are trained and the store needs new management . either way , i am never going into this store again . there are much friendlier stores in town that sell the same products .	871
0	the food was ok , but the noise and the poor decor , dated seats , tables , and frankly slow service was a real turn off . my ears are still ringing from banging on the grill .	777
1	came here to celebrate my friends birthday . it was quite that time . we ordered shots , drinks and lots of food . the service was good . excellent menu and each dish was well prepared .	643
1	this place did my nails perfectly ! they took their time doing it and did n't mind if you wanted to talk to your friend next to you . i got the color changing to the temperature ones and they are super cool . the pink ones turn light pink when it 's warm and dark pink when it 's cool . the purple ones are blue when it 's warm and purple when it 's cool .	1429
0	do not buy anything from this place . i ordered thousands of dollars worth of furniture only to have it messed up during two delivery attempts . customer service was completely useless . i even went back into the store for assistance and because my sales man was not there , no one wanted to help me and it was first thing in the morning and a sales lady told me they were under staffed and she asked me to come back another day . this place is the worst ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	401
1	maybe due to the location ... the costs are around $ 1 more than other starbucks . customer service - they are pretty friendly here ! : )	2841
0	wow , from chicago and this place is so slow that i will miss chicago 's speed coffee.. i ordered my drink on a saturday and the male barista was more concern about throwing garbage out and i was waiting for a good 15 minutes before some one noticed me ... wow shame on you !	438
1	they 're super expensive but apparently all the ingredients are fresh . once you get past the price and enjoy this gem for what it is it 's actually quite delicious . i see it like the juice bar equivalent of hello bistro so they 're perfect neighbors that complete each other . i had a sunset on fifth and it just brightened my day . i love that you can watch them make it and pick and choose add ons . i hope it catches on , people copy and or they pop up everywhere because everyone loves juice !	3223
1	called josh he was very professional and knowledgeable every question i had he answered in an easy way to understand when i was done talking to josh on the phone and setting appointment for him to install servalince system i felt very confident in our decision to have him install system .	2773
1	i have had a lot of pedi 's but this was by far one of the best ! the salon was clean , very modern and a warm atmosphere . they greeted me as soon as i walked in and offered me beverages . the service was excellent . jessie took great care of me . she paid attention to my feet and did a fabulous job . i fell asleep which i never do at a new place . i was so relaxed .	3842
1	my favorite spot after work . the staff is nice and friendly and most of them already know my orders . everything i 've tried here has been really good top 2 things for me to eat calamari and shrimp fried and tossed with banana peppers and cilantro served with sweet and spicy dipping sauced . gfc bourbon wings with coo coo fries . love the coo coo fries they have a sweet and spicy taste . one thing i have to say i dislike is if my regular bartender is not there it takes me a little longer to put my order in and to get my bill .	1520
1	good location , always busy , decent parking , and food is 100 time better than the hooters that is literally across the street . the food is always good . warning to the pregnant ladies : some of the wing sauces that may not bother you before you were pregnant , will set off the morning sickness just by smell alone . use caution ! ! !	383
1	came here for something quick to eat . ordered the firehouse hero sub ( medium $ 6.99 ) . it includes roast beef , smoked turkey breast , virginia honey ham , provolone , mayo , mustard , lettuce , tomato , onion , and dill pickle spear on the side . my sandwich was perfect , and i love that a portion of my purchase goes toward providing equipment for first responders . also , kids get a firefighter hat with their meals .	517
0	took my in-laws , step-daughter and husband . was really irked about the prices , felt that we could have done something better for that amount of money . will one one child in our group we were done in about an hour , but had purchased tickets for the cosmic coasters show at the planetarium . so we went to the lab cafe and spent $ 10 on a sandwich and soda . i think that we would have had more fun if all the `` cool '' stuff was n't extra . if you want to do all this be prepared to spend an extra $ 40 and that is with out getting anything to eat .	3891
1	stopped in for lunch to go . i ordered the chicken flauta . large portions and very tasty . i was surprised at how large the entree was . awesome customer service - attentive , friendly and courteous . i like how they repeat your order back to you when they bring you your bag . the place was pretty full for a tuesday afternoon . i 'd return .	1137
1	my wife and i have been a couple of time . i 'd actually lean more toward a 3 and a half star rating . i like their hot dogs , but their buns are n't particularly good - kind of like mushy white bread . i love the concept , i just wish it was a little better .	953
1	i enjoyed the hot stones as well as the foot massage . my husband enjoyed the back massage s his back has been bothering him for weeks . after the massage he says he feels loose and a lot better ! !	2320
0	poor service and not accommodating . we came in with a group of 8 people at 9:00pm . the restaurant was not all that busy but they did not allow us to move the tables together even when there is space available . they are very unaccommodating for larger groups . it is not even a fancy place and even normal places would accommodate larger groups . the two servers there acted like they do not care and did not offer us any help or suggestions other then saying no . very poor service . would not go there again . if i can rate them zero , i would .	331
1	sporting life is great ! both the online and in store team . staff are friendly and they have a wide selection of goods .	2743
0	greasy overpriced food . service is mediocre and the restaurant itself is a mediocre place . my family and i stopped by for dinner ... out of five people , only one was happy with the food ... and she had chicken fingers so that let 's you know her level of flavor ... jk jk she is only 6 so she is still being introduced to different kinds if food . nonetheless , i had too much money for only a six-year ild to be happy with her meal ... next time i might as well do drive-thru for tasteless greasy food at a much lower cost .	501
0	food was pretty tasty , probably would have tasted a million times better if the terrible service did n't leave such a bad taste in our mouths . from the moment we were `` greeted '' by the hostess until after we paid our bill ( and we still tipped 20 % ) , we were treated like a couple of bums who were trying to eat at some upscale , fancy restaurant . they have pizza on the menu , not caviar . they should n't treat customers so poorly because the place does have a lot of potential .	240
1	this place is awesome for waxing . of course it hurts , you 're getting a wax , not a massage ! every waxer i 've had has been professional and talkative . which i like because it takes my mind off the pain . you walk in and are greet immediately , unless they are on the phone and they will at least make eye contact to make sure you are acknowledged . the store is very clean and trendy . prices are a little bit high but you get what you pay for . i recommend this place !	3844
1	man where do i start with this place ? first off caesar was amazing ! he was detail oriented and you could tell he loves what he does , and treats every customer like they are his only customers ! really blown away with his customer service ! next the food ! omg the food ! amazing ! my girlfriend had the carne asada and i had the spicy dog ! it was lick your fingers delicious ! highly recommend this for anyone who wants something different , unique , and delicious ! sorry i took so long on the review caesar ! -omar & belle	1566
1	so far so good . went in today to look around and discovered this pleasant place . i 've been to many gyms in my life and even owned a few . the front desk staff `` dawson '' was incredibly polite abnd greeted me immediately . i noticed this right away because most gyms the front desk doesnt even look up . dawson immediately showed genuine interest in what i was looking for . it looks like a fun place to workout . i liked the gym and dawson so much i bought 3 memberships and some personal training for my daughter . she 's looking forward to working with ana tomorrow morning .	2919
0	i can not advise on if they have great massages or not at this location because i left 2 voicemail 's to set up an appointment and no one ever called me back .	1950
1	i love renting from 88 realty . they are so friendly . anytime i 've had a problem with the house ( we 've lived here for almost 3 years ) , they send somebody asap and are easily reached on the weekends if it 's an emergency . sharif is one of the nicest guys you 'll ever meet and i really do n't want to ever have to rent from anyone else ! highly recommended .	3126
0	do not go here unless you are about to die within the next ten minutes and even then try to find another hospital . this place is the worst . the staff is totally incompetent . i 've been here several times , the last time i was having a round of vaccinations , and when i needed to confirm where the last location of the vaccine was given nothing was recorded . which is a standard protocol that they just did not do . i 've had cat scans read incompletely from there and just overall incompetence . this is not including the overall dirtiness and outdated rooms . stay clear .	2081
0	terrible service . the wait time is horrendously long . we waited for 50 mins just to get our food which was n't the same thing we ordered . also , when me and my sister entered the restaurant , there was no body at the front desk . the restaurant is heavily understaffed . never coming here again .	363
0	this place is gross . they drive down to restaurant deport and buy their fruits and vegetables and then drive them all the way back in their warm car . there are some great juice spots around here that actually buy quality produce and store it properly . the service is so so and you definitely do n't want to sit here and drink your unhealthy juice .	3026
0	the worst customer service ever . took a blow dryer back with the receipt that was bought in july . i think a blow dryer should last longer than four months and the manager would not let me exchange it . wo n't be going back there . not even one star .	690
1	the were great . they came out right away and diagnosed the problem . a part needed to be ordered and they came back out as soon as they received the part and installed it . very professional , friendly , informative & timely . we will request them the next time we need appliance service . we could not have been happier with their work .	2889
0	horrrible ! ! ! i am 7 months pregnant and my doctor is rebecca tyhre . very disorganized office . every time i would go in for my appointment dr.tyree always would rush out because one of her patients was in delivery . do not go here please save your time and your money and go somewhere where they care about their patients . the workers are also very rude seems like they hate their job they should just go work somewhere else . they actually told me i could n't return to there office anymore which was a big favor ... thank you . it was because my yelp review i gave them so they discharged me as a patient .	3059
1	hmm.. i just read all the reviews for this location ... i 'm not sure if i got lucky or what . i mean it 's just barely coming on 7am so they have n't been open to long ... the store is clean , tables clean ... staff friendly . maybe i just got lucky ... i did n't experience what others have . all i ordered was a couple of bagels with cream cheese for me and my kid ... and an iced coffee.. our order was fine . this is n't my normal location but this place is bigger ... i would come back .	3372
1	i scheduled an appointment for my husband . upon arrival , was acknowledged and greeted . according to my husband , service was great . really enjoyed the experience . the atmosphere was really calm and matched the clientele they were attracting . complimentary coffee and water . comfortable waiting area . would definitely come back .	3413
1	the new location ( 3813 euclid ) is now open and it 's amazing ! ! there are definitely some kinks in the system but it 's opening day and to be expected . the new exhibits are amazing and so are the employees all over the place !	2969
0	its a great big cinema that is well maintained and pretty clean . seems always packed when i go , which is to be expected . what i really do not like about this place is the service . almost every time i go and get a simple order of food it gets missed up . i do n't enjoy being stuck at the counter and late for the opening of a movie because they are fixing a accidental double charge to my card . their restrooms could use cleaning .	3728
0	when i walked in they said if i called to make an appointment he said it in a rude way ! the last time i came in you didnt have to make an appointment . next time he could be alittle nice to their customers .	3497
0	we came in at 8:43 they not seating anymore . the old lady server say we close at 9:30 . yes i know that but its 8:43 ? ? ? ? never come here again !	285
0	service is horrible . wings are tasteless . fried pickles were so salty we could n't eat them . club sandwich was tasteless also . bathroom was gross . wo n't be back	1248
1	the best wash i have ever received from a drive thru car wash . car came out very clean , shiny , and no water spots . tires looked like they were armor alled by hand . took less than 5 mins . very satisfied . they do n't do the inside , but the price and the fast service makes it worth it . wish they had a location in the northwest .	2093
0	obviously this place is hurting for better management . did call ahead seating and hostess lost our names . what is one one of their staples ? queso . on a friday night we order two bowls of queso . waitress returns and said they ran out and that our two bowls went to a table seated after us . with all these problems the managers tries to avoid us like the plague . perhaps they can not find the right personnel . if that 's true , do our community a favor and close your doors .	1558
1	asian hot bar ! still undergoing it 's renovations , but already an inspiring update to my neighborhood ht . the starbucks branch inside is impressive and way bigger than i anticipated . clean new design and brighter lighting with wine tasting or eat in area not that we have pizza and hot bars , too . must hit the breakfast bar soon ! i am so a regular here for prepared meals , and sushi that the sushi chefs always know me now ! hope the kroger buy means the chain wo n't suffer from a fall in quality . wait and see ...	2834
1	this was my first time using payless car rental , i normally stick with the major brands . i was pressed for time and really needed to get a rental car fast and get on my way . i was very pleased to have david to help me , he worked out a very nice deal for me , which helped a lot . thanks david , for making my stay in arizona a nice experience ! ! ! !	3595
1	just moved to arizona from out of state , so we left our old furniture and needed all new sets . the selection was fantastic . they have something to fit most budgets . we got a full sectional couch for $ 700 , including a 5 year warranty for stains and breaks . the service was great . a couple people helped us and was even willing to look at their inventory in the back warehouse to find us our couch . our purchase came with a coupon for $ 25 off $ 100 . we will be going back for sure .	2071
0	rude owner and staff . more like a teriyaki joint . unsanitary food storing methods . do not come here . . . . . .	435
0	first time trying , honestly , i think it 's too much for what you get . i guess it 's just the name .	656
1	super friendly and great selection of everything but produce ! ! deli and bakery had a great selection and the a.m. vegan burrito blew my mind !	2488
0	it 's pretty flimsy . like they 're trying to be something they 're not and not doing a good job at it . it 's a nail bar so u sit at an uncomfortable bar stool and get your nails done like you 're at a bar ... ooooh i get it . lol the people are fine and the list of services offered are pretty standard . it is overpriced and i stopped going after being charged 15 dollars to remove shellac that i got done there . should n't it be on the house if i got it done there ? or less than 15 bucks ? get out of here .	1268
1	try this place on a friday lunch time , just a few tables , place is roomy and bright , they have bbq items and live seafood too , order the seafood and tofu clay pot , house special half steam chicken , pork cheek with assorted mushroom , and deep fried oysters ... .all are quite good and delicious , consider you can get these kind of cantonese food at this end of town , and the price is on par with chinatown in spring mountain , i am feeling pretty lucky , so if you want authentic cantonese food , not american style chinese food , this is the place ...	294
1	i loved this place . i have n't come across a store that sells more local ( a lot of which are organic ) items in one place . it 's great . just what i was looking for ! ! i got some organic teas and vegan/vegetarian tamales . very excited to try ! i wish the produce was a little better , but they have some stuff . hopefully it will just get better .	2488
1	wow . went in randomly to check out some of the jewelry and met ana . she was happy to answer my questions about my piercings and was very knowledgeable . i will be going back flesher and recommending my friends here !	2895
1	ive been here a few times . super friendly and clean place and the older gentleman always makes me laugh and does nails very well i came to him for my 21st birthday and he did great !	3260
1	i have been seeing dr bikowski for almost 10 years . my family recommended me to him when i starting having concerns about my skin . when i was younger , i had bad acne . we tried different medicines until we found the right one . i have been using the same medication for years and have 0 concerns with my skin ! i feel completely confident in my skin and thanks to dr bikowski in assisting . he is a very straight forward doctor , but i 'm not looking for a friend in a doctor . over the years , i 've always expressed my concerns and he has listened . i would recommend him to anyone and still do .	3438
1	we went to try the mad scientist lab here and we were joined by another awesome family . we managed to get 85 % of the room but werent able to get it in time . looking forward for more adventures with these escape rooms definitely will come back ! !	1165
0	probably the worst maintained lanes in the city of pittsburgh . been in a league here for 30 years and have seen leagues leave in droves . cant convince our league to leave yet because most of the bowlers are n't here to really bowl . it 's kind of a running joke in our league that every week at these lanes is like a box of chocolates . you never know what you 're gon na get . if you 're in the mood to overpay for garbage lanes , this is your place .	467
0	ordered the coconut curry and my daughter had the shrimp terreyaki hibachi . the flavor for the coconut curry was very bland . the terryaki was just way to sweet . i will not be returning here .	961
0	no matter how much you want to state he was billed right your company is false . so much so that we won our case once we filed a va complaint . they verified that the information did n't contain case notes nor were eye exams performed each time he was there . either way , we wo n't be going back there anymore !	962
0	i received an email from the owner offering me a free meal , with the statement `` although the quantity will be the same , the quality will be better '' . hmmm , what is this supposed to mean ? either way , i do n't want the free meal , i stand by my review and the false advertising in the menu .	39
0	we have been here before and the food was good , last time the food was bland and the service was really slow . it took 30min to get egg rolls that had almost no filling . the tom ka soup had too much fish oil so it was super salty and the hot basil was over cooked and cold . the only reason i gave 2 stars instead of one is we had 4 star food a few years ago when we were here .	1450
1	ffs is located off the gigantic village center round-a-bout on trailwood drive . it provides all the fuel , sundries you need in addition to car washes . the service is always friendly and if you prefer there are nice employees out at the pumps asking to fill your tank for you . conveniently located next to the 24 hour gym , i would not hesitate to stop if i needed something .	2198
1	girlfriend/mom/bae/boo/wifey/side chick/baby mama ( ? ! ) tired of your 90 's grunge , slovenly appearance ? well you 've come to the right place ! i wish they did appointments because like any decent barbershop you ( still ) got ta wait like 2-3 hours but hey where else are you gon na find a quality haircut and get your pomade on this side of town ? all and all , they 're a great group who remain active in the barber community with a regular presence at events and throwing carshows throughout the year . keep doing what ya 'll are doing guys ( and gal ) !	2591
1	the level of service they provided to me has been unmet anywhere in the past . they were friendly and took care of everything i needed , making sure to apply any current promotions to get me the best price .	1895
1	really responsive to `` request for quote '' on yelp - requested quote late last night - got an immediate response and scheduled onsite visit at 9am today ! good communications via email and received a heads-up call 30 minutes prior to schedule . jim arrived on time , was professional , knowledgeable and friendly . provided quote and performed work on first visit . cleaned up work area afterwards . i was very impressed with bumble bee plumbing from first interaction all the way through completed work . they will be my go-to source for all plumbing needs from now on .	1015
1	the location is a little desolate , nothing much around the hotel . however the decor is very modern and clean . i think the rooms are very spacious . the room we booked was clean , spacious and organized . we had a king sized bed , a sofa , desk/work area ( for all the business people ) that had plenty of usb ports . their restaurants are very upscale and the drinks were pricey . not impressed with their complementary breakfast , you 're better off eating out . i had a nice stay , like with everything else , you get what you pay for .	187
0	yelp says this place is open till 5pm , the door says 5pm , however when i arrived at 3pm it was locked up tight and no one was there . very disappointing !	3390
1	super good , fish taste super fresh , i my opinion it 's better than soho i think soho is great .	1354
1	why ? why does this location only have two stars , i visit my elderly mother from california and pick up her prescriptions here . the store is always very clean , stocked and offer great service . while i was here today i was told about a coupon for a prescription to help reduce cost . the staff if professional and polite . thank you walgreen team .	2287
0	soooo slow jeeze louise ! the first time i came here , i was n't too impressed with their bahn mi . i came back a second time and ordered a fried egg and chinese sausage bahn mi . definite improvement , but still did n't make up for waiting 20 minutes for a sandwich . meh . i 've experience better .	673
0	got asked for my id while watching the ravens @ broncos game . the security guard was younger than me .	1939
1	this is the best sandwich place in world ! ! ! always fresh always on time , staff great . have never had a problem in years i 've ordered from them.just tried sandwich on wheat bread for change & it was the bomb ! bread was so thick & tasty ! would never ever order from any other sub shop ever .	1340
1	25 dudes ! ! ! xs ... limo from hotel to club , no lines , no wait , straight to table with dranks . what more can you ask for ? ? ! ! craig and his team did it . will definitely use these guys again . thanks for making my bachelor party a memorable one . i love vegas even more with these guys around to take care of you .	1616
1	this was my first time staying at this location , and every encounter with hotel staff was outstanding . from the time i checked in with lance , to the conversation on the shuttle with mac , or the convenience of the location and willingness of paul to drop me off at south side . my dinning experience at the hotel was very pleasant . the bartender andy was very helpful , kind and accommodating . this has by far been the best consistency given to me by employees at any of the hilton properties i have visited . i look forward to returning to the double tree in green tree .	1741
1	really good steak hoagies and their sauce is really good , on the sweeter side , the cheese ravioli dish is really good also !	878
0	this place is not sanitary . i went for a eyebrow wax . they use the same stick and dip it back in the hot wax for everybody . that 's disgusting if you ask me . i will not be back there .	3047
0	the older man was really rude . he did n't want to explain anything to me and seemed pissed off that i had a usps shipping label	3871
1	i enjoyed myself , but would recommend arriving early for any shows/races . it gets very packed very fast . also , wear shoes you do n't really care about because the festival and parking lots are all dirt and dead grass . the ostrich shows were adorable , but i wish the festival was more focused on the races and animals and less on the food , beer and rides . it felt more like the state fair . make sure you eat before you come too - a single hamburger is $ 15 ! it was fun , but i wish they focused on the animals more is all .	759
1	great little restaurant ... i 'm vegan and they made me a veggie burrito , and i had some awesome guacamole and salsa ... not forgetting the strawberry margarita..fabulous !	7
0	do not use andy lewis ! ! ! ! ! they will overcharge you and recommend solutions to problems you do n't have . when you call to discuss their poor work , they will have an attitude and horrible customer service ( maybe based on all of their reviews , they get a hint and realize people are on to them ) . andy lewis -- poor work and poor customer service !	305
1	best place in vegas to get your mani /pedi . their gels lasted me 3 weeks at one point .	655
1	every time i come to this boutique i find treasures ! the staff is so friendly and they will give you their honest opinion if something looks great on you or not so great . the prices awesome and they also do birthday specials ... meaning that they will take a certain percentage off of your purchase . i 've bought many items from here including jumpsuits , weekend we are , work type items . they have the best selections of maxi dresses and summer/spring type clothing	3427
0	bought some used wheels from these guys asked the guy to spin them to confirm they were straight and he said he could n't do it because it was closing hrs and he verbally guaranteed they were straight . after paying cash he handed me a receipt with very small print that said no guarantees on used items . so the verbal guarantee from these people means nothing . read the fine print they will rip you off . do n't trust them . most honest aftermarket company in las vegas wc motoring talk with mike and derick and see there reviews on yelp 100 % feed back .	3741
1	i love this place ! their staff is always so willing and helpful . they have an amazing selection of flowers , plants , vases etc .	38
0	pretty bad service . i paid 6 bucks for a iced coffee w/ whipped cream on top , the coffee was made much too sweet , esp when i asked for low sweet . i went back to ask and they woudl n't do anything about it , i can either get more ice to dilute , or they can add more water . for 6 bucks ... pretty bad service imo coffee itself tasted like over sweet , and very little coffee taste .	2397
0	rip off ! worst experience ever ! they wanted 3 of my phones , my iphone 5 , my iphone4 and my evo , just to trade for 32gigs of memory . what a joke ! ! !	2930
1	between two friends and i , we ordered the squash poutine , buffalo tofu bites , the loosey , and the cheesesteak bulgogi , and for my vegetarian friend , the restaurant accommodated her with kimchi fried rice . i was obsessed ! not too pricey ( about $ 18ish bucks each for all the food ) , and luckily we came early , because the restaurant began to get packed by the end of our meal . my favourites/highly recommended were tied between the squash poutine & the cheesesteak bulgogi for sure . will 100 % be back again !	688
0	i dont understand why the diners would close before intermissions are done . and then hold intermission commercials directing you to the diner to purchase refreshments . the drive in is a late night experience , and customers should be able to provide food services during times when people can purchase food . thoroughly disappointing experience .	1634
0	we had a situation happen and the owner could have handled it differently . we were simply misinformed by a staff member , however the owner embarrassed us in front of other parents and people we were with . i was also informed by one of my children and 2 of her friends that the same lady was rude to them and `` rolled her eyes '' at them . very disappointed .	1631
1	today maria did an outstanding job layering my long hair . i have been going to this paul mitchell school for two years now and finally , 1week before maria graduates i felt it was time to get it done . thank you and all the best to you in your endeavors maria !	354
0	the wait staff at this small pub were nice and attentive but i had the worst chicken sandwich ever . it was a buttermilk chicken sandwich with , get this , dark meat . it was horrible . the fries are not very good either . my friend had fried calamari and was very pleased . take a note from mccools and change your fries and please , get rid of that awful sandwich by simply buying fresh white meat chicken and a better batter recipe .	1569
0	by far one of the worst massage places ever . the lady answered phone calls and greeyed people at the door during my massage . moreover , my 60 min massage was only 50 mins ... . please do n't waste your time or money at this establishment .	463
1	very nice experience . one of the best massages i had ! the single cabins with shower system is genius . the atmosphere is not posh but the treatments and amenities are still very fancy . nuts , strawberries and drinks available to relax after the services your get . a bit hard to find in the mall though . do n't forget to leave a tip . they really do n't push you to do so .	1973
0	one if not the worst cobblestone i 've been to . they are slow and do a mediocre job . the best is cobblestone on elliott . i wo n't come here again .	127
0	i was being deployed for the military and canceled my membership so i thought . i come back and there 's a $ 400+ charge on my credit report . i tried to talk to justine the billing lady . she was very rude and not helpful at all . i 'm seeing a lot of other complaints on here for the same thing . i am now contacting my lawyer to sue them for ruining my credit with this charge . i 'm also going to contact the corporate office about the service there and my issue .	2338
0	am i missing something ? sandwiches were ok - nothing amazing , prices were extremely high , you order at the counter , fill up your drink cup and sit down with your # card . a while later your food gets dropped off . by a random employee ... ..sort of like whataburger or chuck e. cheese . i dont see what everyone loves about this place . another disappointment was the bread , of all things , was somewhat tough and hard to chew ... .like if i came with my grandmother she probably could n't manage kind of hard to chew . next time , try jason 's deli or the lunbag .	1387
1	my favorite chinese in this area.. food is always delicious , hot and a great presentation . price point is very nice as well .	1490
1	love this place . visit it when ever we are in las vegas . it 's a great gay club that has lots of drink specials so it 's easy on the wallet . lots of hot guys . we love the underwear night . go to the web site and see their weekly schedule before you go . have fun .	3661
0	i just called these guys . they are only providing the labor ... .no truck . strange .	2805
0	the staff was friendly , i ca n't complain about that . however , the $ 15 drive through car wash was unable to clean off water spots from the top of my low riding vehicle . how is that even possible ? wo n't be back since it ca n't even wash a car , what 's the point ?	78
0	we would have never went to this dentist , but do to our insurance we had to . not very clean and every time we had an appointment they were 30-45 minutes late seeing our son . the front desk personal should at least attempt to be cordial to the patients . also , if you have a choice try to use another dentist that has employees working the front desk that are professional and know how to look up an appointment .	2626
1	the customer service rep lance at the front desk answered the phone very professionally and was very courteous and nice . then we came to check and he knew exactly who we were answer all of our questions and gave us all of the specials and told us where we could park in how to get in the best way he was very very nice ! the air could pump a little better out into the living area of the room .	3832
0	very unprofessional , a complete joke , and a total waste of time . only complete morons would let business walk out the door . i left without getting the procedure that was scheduled done and very unhappy with their lack of professionalism .	3000
1	this is the best place in town . very friendly , clean and the polish stays on for a long time . i love the kid chars	854
0	was really disappointed today at this place . we were the only people waiting for the next available table and the manager confirmed that we will be next when there 's a table available for 4 . after waiting for 10 mins or so another couple came in and shortly after there 's a table available . manager decided to give the table away to the other couple because he knows them . really ? ? ? that 's such a typical chinese restaurant .	338
1	tons of food and great price . nice neighborhood restaurant and good family spot . i would recommend this place to everyone who wants some mexican food at a great price . the salsa is the best and the biggest taco salad i have seen for awhile .	548
0	the worst nail salon i 've gone too ! the nail techs are rude and clumsy . i walked out with two nails with dried up blood from my cuticles . the guy who did my gel manicure drilled my nails so much it burned me ! when i would tell him that it was hurting he would get upset and yank on my fingers ( telling me to relax ) . half way through i told him that i would just go somewhere else if he was in such a bad mood or having a tough day . they wanted to charge me for the whole set that was n't even half way finished ! ! ! i will never go back again !	2929
1	dr angel has been our family dentist for 4 years now and i can say she and her staff our the best dental experience we have every had . a very professional dentist and very nice person as well . do yourself a favor and make an appointment for yourself and see .	3402
0	broke again . we have tried to work with this awful company and they just keep giving us the cold shoulder . wrote a letter asking for a new unit after multiple ( 8 ) times the unit broke . it 's sad that my kids have to say `` why is it so hot in here ? '' and we pay up the wazzooo for aps . please go elsewhere for ac . they do not stand by their units they install . i 've pent over 1700 dollars on this crap unit .	2730
1	i work around the corner -- averaging two chino locos per week . eat here . great food , great staff , great masks .	834
1	i love that the local is actually my local . there is something about this place - it does n't try hard , and it 's just right . there are many trendy bars to check out at ossington and dundas . do n't get me wrong , i love them . but this place remains unpretentiously perfect . if you 're up for a few casual pints in the west end , this is the place to go . most nights there is live music - local bands ( bluegrass , folk , etc. ) . great atmosphere and standard food/drink . as pubs go , this place is a really comfortable and enjoyable hang out for any night of the week .	2956
0	decent tacos - especially the al pastor , but overall not a fan of this pepe 's . i remember the other charleston location being worth the drive across town , but this new one kind of sucks . super nachos were crap compared to what i 've become used to from similar places like roberto 's . this was a little bit of chips w velveeta and chopped up chicken , not fall apart tender chicken tinga like you usually get . getting drinks near the general area of the bathroom reeks of sewage . positives are good horchata and really great refried beans . that 's about it - i 'll stick to my tried and true roberto 's	857
0	fuck this place for closing at 6 all the sudden rather than 10 as published , sending me back into the cold snow without a hot chocolate . if you do n't like the winter , go back to portland . businesses that establish and publish standard business hours , then violate them at will , are disrespecting their customers . seeya at starbucks !	1175
1	i ordered flowers online for my daughter 's birthday . i requested delivery for the same day in the afternoon . the flowers were delivered on time and they were beautiful . they looked exactly like the ones i ordered .	3622
0	whole food os a great store to shop , and always have fun to shop there , one t hing i really dont like are the staff are so snotty and not friendly , they think they are better than anyone else , so sad , for them , if whole food could hire some humble and descent people that grocery store would be a ncer place for everyone . ... .	433
0	i went there today,2-27-2016 and there was a closed sign on the door . the was a yellow sticker across both doors saying `` closed by las vegas eviction court '' . i wonder what happened , the place was always busy . i went there for years always good work and reasonable prices .	2485
0	we ate here super bowl night and i got some of the best lemon pepper wings ever but after tonight they are off the list for good . i ordered lemon and pepper wings for pickup and got over cooked , burnt wings with maybe 5 % lemon . i am very disappointed to say the least .	696
0	this is such a beautiful store ! i have big shoulders and always have to wear an xl ... i thought when i visited this store that it would have a great selection of everything ... they did but not in the xl size ! ! ! the largest size they go up to is an l. i wo n't be visiting this store again..not enough inventory in xl sizes .	15
1	great atmosphere . great way to get off the strip and relax and have a stogie ! nice selection of cigars that are very well prices ! check out this spot !	2337
0	horrible experience dan sherbondy was inappropriate and difficult will never recommend him	968
1	my baby boy was born there two weeks ago and i could n't rave more about how wonderful the staff was during our two day staff . a+++	3214
1	i have no complaints . clean room , nobody bothers me ... quiet . everything works and ca n't beat the ease of no lease or credit checks . two weeks and counting now and surprisingly happy thus far !	2674
0	do not take rolex here for servicing . waste of $ 300 . i took my rolex for servicing because the time would stop and they said i just needed it oiled up and cleaned . few weeks later same problem . took it back a second time they said they fixed the problem . bs now my watch will not run and i 'm out $ 300 . i emailed them and nothing.. i would have been better off going to ben bridge and spending a little more .	2307
0	this place is a ripoff ! sizing is a joke . and pricing is outrageous for the ( low ) quality ) . do not ever use them . go on the web for better , quicker service !	2363
0	2:30pm on a mon . quoted 3 hours `` or more '' to repair a tire . i was even told to go to walmart if i did n't want to wait . i bought my tires from sam 's with a warranty , so why would i want to take it to walmart where they 'll charge me ? there were two cars in the whole shop . you do the math . i hope your cell phone battery is charged . if you 're looking for a tire changing job , i hope these guys are hiring .	2172
1	this location has a nice selection of home goods at great prices . we had finished browsing 4 other home goods stores in the same plaza with no luck , when we spotted marshall 's and decided to try one more store before completing our shopping for the day . i 'm so glad we did because we found a lot of great stuff on low or clearance prices for our home . i found a pretty faux orchid arrangement for $ 17 , which was quite a steal . i had just been looking at a similar one in michael 's that was nearly $ 200 .	1608
1	i took my 2007 vw in for detailing . i ca n't believe what i picked up . it was like a brand new car . the outside sparkled . the inside was immaculate and the people there were top notch professionals . now i know why they were voted best in cleveland . outstanding !	2801
1	excellent japanese restaurant ! good welcome and fish really fresh ! nothing to add ! i recommend this place	1438
0	i visited this place yesterday and ended up getting the worst so called beef tenderloin . we ordered greek salad with tenderloin and ended up getting scattered salad with unseen feta cheese . got 6 flat iron beef which the restaurant owners call it chunks of beef tenderloin . these 6 tiny pcs would accumulate to 1 piece of tenderloin which was 20 bucks for a plate.this is an open robbery . the tables beside us were also not happy campers . i would never step in this place again.name sounds like italian but were persian owners . cheap owners .	858
0	horrible customer service . pool cleaner was extremely rude to me . called the office right away and cancelled service .	3266
1	my daughter has been a patient of dr mckenna since she was 4 months old with frequent ear infections . she is now 14 . he and lynnette lambert have been nothing short of outstanding in managing her issues and then my son 's . we recently saw him for what we thought might be presyncope related to inner ear . he immediately ordered an mri and further testing and sent her to pch to see a pediatric cardiologist and pediatric neurologist which is more than the er doctor did for her in that morning . i 'm very thankful for his expertise and trust his judgement completely .	1916
0	this is the sign that greets you when you have a 4pm appointment . no phone call , just a wasted afternoon off from work from me . so unprofessional . they also prescribe from some bizarre home-delivery specialty pharmacy that never contacts you to get the needed medicine to relieve your condition . extremely disappointing .	1795
1	i love going here for most of my food items that other stores do n't carry . the owner is so nice . the place is small but it has a lot of stuff . there 's a kitchen where you can order spring rolls , papaya salad , pho and many more . all of it is very good . i love their many sauces for dipping sticky rice into . i enjoy the going there and seeing what new things that got . i definitely love the premade spring rolls , beef jerky , sausage , and desserts . good place , good service .	2652
0	three words ! make an appointment or come early ! this place is always packed and smells funky the later you go . remember appointments are your friend ! the people at this office though are usually very friendly but they move super duper slow ! i kinda feel like they feel they have to be there all day we might as well be also .	2598
0	the `` little '' girl who works there has no manners ... her mamma obviously did n't teach her a thing . public storage should reconsider on keeping her employed .	3288
1	i have been coming to this location for years and never a complaint . i actually do n't have one haridresser i go to regularly and use who ever is available at the time i make my appointment . with that said i have never had a bad har cut from any of the ladies there . they are always friendly and quick . for the price this place is definately a must try .	3625
1	we love mountainside fitness . the facilities are clean and the machines are well kept . the locker room provides dry and wet sauna for after your workout . the staff is very helpful and friendly . they also provide quality childcare for those with children . our kids love to go to the gym which helps us stay motivated to keep going . the prices are very affordable for all that you get .	2699
0	horrible location . brought a group of students , many were bored quickly , same for these guardians . i remember enjoying it in 30 one years ago ... needs a major reboot and funds to make relevant or interesting .	2868
0	if you are looking for a very aggressive approach in dentistry and know nothing about dentistry than this is the place for you . buyer beware . i went for a cleaning and left with a laundry list of things that should be done for my daughter and i-including a possible root canal ... although at my previous cleaning elsewhere i had no problems . be careful here .	2474
1	i 've been to both joann etc . in the area , rainbow is my typical store but i find myself here when i need to make a trip to henderson for hobby lobby as well . this store is clean and well laid out , their fabric section is organized and straight to the point . i of course go in here primarily for fabrics and other sewing items , but i do also shop for craft items here and take advantage of their great sales and coupons . overall a decent store for any crafter .	1937
0	this is the worst place i have ever walked into ! ! ! ! the women at the front counter with the long fake eyelashes has absolutely no people skills ! ! the owner of this business should fire her ! i walked in asked how much for a blow dry with long hair and she said she did n't know and then walked away . i told her she was rude and she said i do n't care ! ! ! ! rudest women ever ! ! ! !	33
0	i wish i could give them no stars ! ! ! this is the worse place ever ! ! ! ! ! 1st- super dirty 2nd- everything broken including arcade games 3rd employees not professional at all ! ! ! ! really dirty and old ! ! !	3791
1	for me it 's helpful to have a mall like this . but i would like to a more modernized one . it should include more chinese foods inside the mall	472
0	even though they have the best chinese food around their customer service is horrid . we can go in and they act like we 're bothering them . when we call in we 're a nuisance . do you want our money ? they are rude ! ! ! last time we chose this place . 4th times a charm for never going again . worst part is they have great food ! ! ! !	420
0	went in to get a drink today . the lady was fixing the machine and told me to wait . okay fine , i wait five minutes , and the machine says dr pepper unavailable . i tell her dr pepper is n't working and she gets annoyed and says , `` well then just get diet '' . so rude . taking my business elsewhere with that no mannered staff .	1544
0	fair price for the lunch special . food was `` ok '' . think of a chinese version of a vietnamese restaurant . the lunch special included a thai dish and miso soup . if you 're looking for `` authentic '' vietnamese , this is n't it . service was good . parking here was a nightmare .	205
1	amazing spin on tex mex ! the fun sauces definitely add a great flavor to whatever meal you get at this restaurant . i wish this chain came out to the west coast , but i always make multiple trips here when i come out to charlotte for work travel !	1137
1	i was very impressed how they have some quality items at great value . i was taking a trip to toronto , canada where it was 10 degrees . i found a very good quality dickies tan jacket for $ 45 ! ! with the thermals i bought at the store , i had no issues with the cold . the store was very neat , and the young lady that was cashier , and the manager were very helpful . i will be going to this store often !	1050
1	great place to keep the kids busy . customer service is friendly and lockers are free here unlike skyzone .	1095
0	waffle took over 15 minutes to make ( finally delivered after i said something ) . it was barely ok ; crowded seating inside	580
1	this is one of my favorite locations in town . they always seem to move faster than a tradition starbucks .	1351
1	because of the great customer service and teamwork that 's provided by all staff here ... this cox store rocks ! as soon as you enter the doors you 're welcomed by friendly associates with a great system in place to move the line along quickly and efficiently . came in this morning to get 2 mini boxes and left with my goods in hand and huge smile ! thanks everyone : )	2633
0	this is a sales review : we came for the tour and the sales rep was insistent on receiving our social security numbers . at the casino we were told to just listen to the 120 min presentation and you will receive free gifts . i have been on timeshare tours before and was never forced to provide a ss # . the sales rep was very persistent even after we told her no , no , no from the minute we sat down . as a result we received our entire deposit back plus the atm fee and 2 coupons to a restaurant at the flamingo . the worst sales experience and waste of a day ! !	1057
0	now that the place is bigger ... they are slower ! ! i went to have manicure and pedicure ... well sitting 25 minutes waiting for someone to even start my pedicure ... and that was the last straw..having gel on that 's too thick..and having it to be redone on more than one occasions ... u have lost a loyal customer with lack of attention to customer..do n't waste your time or money $ $	2297
1	good yogurt and sorbet . always nice customer service . easy , fast and convenient ! i do wish you had a few more dairy free options .	738
0	i called this store as a part of my job and got dee or dee dee on the phone . i simply asked to speak to s person , she was extremely rude , told me she couldnt put the person on the phone . i asked to leave a message , she hung up on me ! i asked to speak with mgr and pam got on the phone . she proceeded to tell me she was sorry ! and thats avout it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! horrible unprofessional service . i would suggest to go down the street to sprouts where they have excellent customer service and better prices ! ! ! ! ! !	3874
0	this place does n't even deserve 1 star . it got one star because of the wine and i brought my own . never have i ever experienced terrible service like this . our server katie was `` annoyed '' to open our wine , take our order and had a terrible attitude . our reservation was at 8:15 ... .oh we are still here waiting for food ! pathetic .	423
1	love dr . bond ! he was my kids pediatrician for five years before our insurance forced us to change : ( dr . bond and his nurse practitioner are both wonderful . they take the time to listen and get to know your children and family . i also like that they are practical and conservative when prescribing antibiotics and other drugs . when my son had rsv as an infant dr . bond 's treatment plan allowed my son to recover without having to be hospitalized and i am very grateful for that . the nursing staff are also very caring . once they practiced moved to the eastern location the wait times became very reasonable .	2712
1	best donuts in town ! good selection , and especially love the cake donuts . i highly recommend the buttermilk bar , and vanilla cake donut , just some of my personal favorites . they also serve breakfast bagel sandwiches and fantastic sausage , egg & cheese croissants . oh , and did i mention the smoothies ? omg got ta try the coconut flavor . there is a convenient drive-thru window as well , however if you want to order a dozen , and choose each donut , you may want to go inside instead of using the drive-thru . i would have given a solid 5 stars if not for the drive thru-window post asking for tips ! sorry , but thats just tacky .	3137
0	service was ridiculously slow and workers are rude . 10/10 do not drink their coffee potent tasting . food is good but if you 're looking for a large affordable meal this is not the place .	1238
1	i just ordered delivery from o sushi through justeat.com . i ordered a wakame salad and three different rolls . they are all much bigger than expected and really fresh . the delivery took a little longer than i would have thought ( about an hour and i live about 4 blocks away ) but i assume they are really busy . i will definitely go in to eat soon !	734
1	had a meeting here today and it went lonnng . the thing i love about starbucks is that the staff are pretty relaxed about how long you stay . i had my usual tall wet capp , no complaints , staff was great . we had our things spread out over a couple of tables and the staff just cleaned around us and let us be . i love this location as during the day , it is nice and quiet . things start to pick up around 430pm , weekdays . very little outside seating but i am not one who likes to stare into a parking lot anyways .	1962
1	`` dr. delorenzi is very caring . thank you for the gentle touch . maria molina is personal and very empathetic . i have n't been to a place where i 'm treated like a person , not just a patient . '' best thing is the convenience of doing everything you need at the location . no wasted time there and back to work ! martha landon	3349
0	the only reason i really gave this place 4 stars earlier was because of the food and the service . the food is so horrible no one in my family has returned . my mom and dad used to have favorites and none of them are even decent anymore . the service is lacking now and when we had to wait forever they gave us grapes ... ? wtf . no more !	1939
1	amazing . in phoenix for the # bmophx marathon . feet felt like i had run 26.2 miles alright this morning . stopped by for a foot massage and these guys are amazing . walked out of there feeling like i had two new feet ! i have had foot massages all over the country and these guys are top two or three for sure !	991
1	great place if you 're craving italian food . the pasta is especially great here . and the service here is outstanding and they are always super friendly . great place to go on a date !	440
0	8-5-2016 even worse service , moved to a new address within same zip code and they raised my rate $ 15 a year saying my old rate was no longer available , said there was nothing they could do for me no packages available . charter tv sucks , high prices going up every year . pixelation , dropped video , does n't partner with major channels like comedy channel , amc to sign in and watch full content , wtf ! if we were given another choice i would try it . and no satellite is not a choice .	3575
1	i took my laptop in to get a quote in fixing the screen . very nice and knowledgeable . prices very reasonable . even though i decided to just invest in a new laptop i would highly recommend them to fix your products . they called me with a quote withing a few hours and were up front with all costs before doing any repairs . all information and alternatives were given to me as well . great place .	3817
1	i love ct. just stopped in early this morning ( friend dragged me there for 8am opening ) ... . and it was wonderous being the only 2 people in the store ! if you did n't know canadian tire sells mugs that say `` i heart ( pic red maple leaf ) ( pic of atire ) ... . simply amazing . got ta support them .	2520
1	i like this place , the condo are away from vegas strip so its very quiet for you . the pool is amazing !	1057
1	always quick and affordable ! like most guys , i do n't like my eyebrows to look too thin , they do a good job at just cleaning up the areas that get out of control .	2062
0	do n't go here if your co pay is not printed on your insurance card or they will make you pay a deposit upfront of $ 75 . she checked me in , and told me she was going to charge my card for $ 35 which is my normal co pay . when i got the receipt , it said $ 75 . i asked why she charged me that , and she told me that she did n't know why she said $ 35 , and that she meant $ 75 . i am sorry , but there is a huge difference between 35 and 75 . i will never be back .	3492
1	my husband and daughters have been patients of dr. romine for 14 years . she is a phoenix top doc . wish i did n't have to visit so often due to skin cancers , however when i do she and her staff are compassionate and professional and provide excellent care . i ca n't imagine going anywhere else .	3050
0	worst experience ever . it 's unfortunate we ca n't give negative stars . my reason to the one star . stay away . the wash tunnel does n't work . works are friendly i 'll give them that . do yourselves a favor just stay away . posting pics later .	3878
1	i could n't be happier with the service . michelle did an excellent job ! the best cut my little prince has gotten . she 's the only one who will groom him from now on .	1218
1	nice show , amazing and wonderful . attend the show on christmas , feeling exciting . their outfits are spectacular .	3069
1	small store ... ... limited supplies ... .. if you looking for men 's ties ... . they do n't carry ties , for whatever reason ... . neither does the 99 cent mart next to it ( fyi )	3318
0	horrible company to deal with , i will be posting additional reviews with images of the incident so that everyone is aware of their unethical policy enforcement .	3429
1	the food is fresh and good ! the workers are nice and do a great job of keeping the place clean . only thing i wish is that they have more food to choose from .	1302
1	the service was amazing , our waitress was sweet and friendly , just the right amount of attentive . the food was delicious , we ordered the guacamole , shrimp tacos , machos nachos , killer chimichanga , del mar burrito and the flan . all were excellent ! ! my husband and i ordered the blue agave and strawberry margaritas , frozen , and both were really good . if we find ourselves in mesa again we will definitely be back .	882
1	very friendly staff . they explained everything to me . they were having computer issues and i was there a bit longer than usual , so they compensated me with a 25 % off discount without asking . i was grateful . i will be back again for sure .	1592
0	nasty , the fro yo tatses sour as if it is expired or rotten or something ( and no it was not a sour flavor , it was chocolate and birthday cake ) .t he girl seemed annoyed when we asked for sample cups . the toppings were crusty and stale , `` oreos '' were definitely off brand . gross , do not recommended	1903
1	a mellow location of the beaten path so to speak at the corner of tenaya and azure . small is the location , but the brobdingnagian coffee house provides all to mentally lubricate you . sit inside or enjoy the weather outside . nothing else can be said . it 's starbucks in all of it 's corporate finest .	3396
0	i 'll give 2 stars ... ..5 star for the service we received ... our server was excellent ... now t 0 star . it was my birthday . we have been to other texas roadhouse restaurants that have been very good . not so much here . i ordered the ribeye my wife the shrimp ... .they must have dumped the whole container of seasoning on our dinners . scraped off what we could ... still not good . get your orders without seasoning ... .you will be able to enjoy it then ...	560
0	if you enjoy being treated like cattle go to csl where they do n't care and it shows . and someone please tell me what 's a vip and why do they get to cut in front of everyone ? smh !	1197
0	i had the lunch buffet and was very disappointed . in addition to a limited variety of entrees , there was no tandoori chicken ; no fresh naan , no soup and no fruit salad . certainly not worth the $ 13.95 i was charged . the price increases to $ 16.95 on friday , saturday and sunday . there are better indian buffets available in scottsdale .	1497
1	it 's a good place the staff is friendly and very good at there job . again this place gets busy so you need to be patient and you will be seen in a timely manner	1964
1	best place for eyebrow wax and pedicure . this is the only place i have found where she takes her time to do your eyebrows waxing . been going there for years .	2496
1	my wife and i went in to get our eyes checked after it had been way too long . dr. majewski was extremely friendly , kind , accommodating , and knowledgable . i feel like she actually wanted to get to know us and what we do to ensure we are taking proper care of our eyes . if you 're looking for a nice family friendly optometrist in roncy , owl ca n't be beat !	1682
1	i have an amazing time at this salon . my hair always looks on point and my stylist jeremy is the best . i will always be a regular as long as i live . my color is beautiful , and jeremy always shows me the best product for my hair . i always get compliments on my hair , and i 'll gladly point those admirers to jeremy and skullz .	2292
1	i was pretty please with their food and services . my family and i went here for my dad 's 60th b-day . we ordered honey garlic chicken , fried shrimp and fish with salty egg yolk , steam fish with scallion and ginger in soy sauce and a lot more , i forgot cuz i think we order too much . it all came out great . also if i am not mistaken they have a little buffet session too for those who want chinese buffet .	568
0	this place is ridiculous ! been sitting here waiting for 38 minutes outside or a pharmacist to show up . doors are locked . people are mad . all of us confirmed the saturday hours . not good ! ! ! ! !	3283
0	we waited for over 35 minutes for 2 salads and 1 order of fries . we asked a worker after 25 minutes where our food was and they just said `` fries take a while. '' . worst service ever . our salads were a soggy mess . i 've eaten at the hello bistro in wexford many times and have never had this issue there ... at that location we 've never had to wait longer than 10 minutes even when ordering fries . also many of the tables and napkin dispensers were dirty and sticky . will not be back to this location .	147
0	so far have only had cold brew available 2 out of the 4 times i have tried . all attempts have been in the mid morning so lack of product is not due to high demand . if you do n't want to make it , take it off your menu .	453
0	disappointing hair cut . a woman was cutting my hair and terry took over without asking clearly the style i wanted . my hairstyle got ruined..	1597
0	i agreed to take an earlier appointment which took a week 1/2 to get . i got rushed out after my daughter got her x-rays because they had other patients come in . which i could 've gotten everything taken care in one visit . then i had to schedule a new appointment an additional week out . my daughter likes the way she was treated but their scheduling sucks ! ! ! !	654
1	we had shamrock roofing and 4 other companies quote on our 27 year old roof . never having this experience before , we did not know what to expect . so we first tried to educate ourselves on the internet , getting plenty of conflicting information . so naturally we received conflicting quotes . after reviewing the quotes we chose shamrock roofing , their quote was not the lowest but was very competitive . scott roofing was very flexible with scheduling and their workers completed the work on time and left our yard in good condition . i highly recommend them .	2567
1	i 've been here a couple times and have not been disappointed . i ordered a regular size and it was more than enough . i really like that they have the black rice available , it 's a must ! ! it 's a fantastic lunch option , i will definitely be revisiting	2719
0	as a vegetarian , i was looking forward to eating here.. but the food was bland , dry and unappetizing.. the service was smooth but they didnt ask us whether we enjoyed the food when we asked for the cheque with both plates uneaten and no requests for to go boxes.. i give this place a definite miss	1127
0	i had a french manicure with gel . in two days , the gel of two of my nails were off . after 1 week my nails look as though they were a month old . this was the worst manicure i have ever had .	132
1	i like this jamba juice a lot more than the one on bell . the manager is really nice , and at this location it 's a lot quieter . this one actually has a public restroom which is a plus . a lot of seats , it 's just pleasant to be there .	2095
0	worst insurance experience of my life . i was with john marxen for years and when this ass hat of a clown took over , i tried to continue my business with the new owner but was continaully harassed and bullied into getting a policy that didnt suit my needs.he doesnt know the first thing about how to treat people .	727
1	i got a hot stone massage and leg rejuvenator with alecia , on a livingsocial deal . the massage was very good and even at full price , it would have been a fair deal . i had no problems redeeming my coupon , even though i ended up booking a couple of days past the exp . the leg rejuvenator part was just okay , and not something i would personally purchase again . it was a intense calf and foot exfoliation followed by a short massage of the calves and feet . if you 're in the area , you should give alecia a try . the venue is a little lacking in ambience , but the price is right .	3017
0	fuimos a este lugar por los buenos comentarios , pero nos llevamos una desilusión , yo probé los vampiros , la carne no sabía fresca sino recalentada . mi esposo pidió los tacos de pescado sabían a aceite requemado . las personas as eran amables pero la comida no . no vuelvo y no lo recomiendo .	593
0	i heard great things about this place . but was sadly disappointed . the food just was n't that good especially for the price . the service was mediocre and the atmosphere felt cheap . i wo n't be back	640
1	had the most entertaining and awesome bartender here ! shout out to billy ! he made great drinks and had such a friendly and energetic personality . he does all kinds of tricks . throws the liquor bottles up in the air and behind his back ... puts the tips he earns on his forehead and puts on a whole show . he made me and my friend delicious frozen drinks and a colorful shot . had a great time at this bar !	637
1	what a great place to shop , have a libation , enjoy great food , people watch and listen to live music . tonight was the last night of the spring concert series featuring the band 9 ball , a huge crowd enjoyed their music . when the temperatures get heated up during the the misters with a great fragrance are on to cool you down . the area is great to people watch . what i like is that you have choices from burgers and milk shakes to 5 star dinning . the only negative is parking on busy nights or you can valet at various areas around the commons for $ 8 .	387
1	the poolside daybeds are fun i rent two every summer holiday and am able to have wristbands for my friends to join me poolside . it 's a bottle a bed and the bottles are way overpriced but you can get in to the pool without a cabana for a 20 a head charge with no seating . you can see across the bay to shooters from the pool deck . it 's nice in the summer will be visiting again .	2553
0	second time i have been , second was worse . i fear food poisoning later as three of us got the same sandwich and all three thought it tasted funny . only drink here ! !	3039
0	not a fan of this place . looks run down and the drinks/food are very average . also , the place has the feel of a diner , not a coffee shop , and has a weird vibe in general .	1035
0	order the plywood ... staff is helpless untrained and surprisingly slow ... no one is in a hurry and no one works hard ...	496
0	anoooother place that says they do n't have the tip for our stiletto nails , it 's not made into a dam tip , it 's the regular dam nail as if you were going squares , you have to cut the nails into the shape ! ! ! you do n't need the dam shape to come in form of it . i swear these nail salons are good for nothing ! and $ 75 to fix it you outta your fcking mind ! ! !	655
0	ordered a meal for 4 people for delivery . 40 minutes later i receive a notification that the restaurant can not deliver because it is too busy . very disappointing .	1347
0	they have a super old mystic . you come out wet , it 's the mystic where it only sprays you front and back.. it 's awful . if you want a spray tan that does n't look fake go to planet beach where they have a new mystic booth or embassy tanning where they will spray you by hand ! ! the prices are cheaper here but you get what you pay for ! !	1485
0	came here for cheap wings and a drink - terrible service and food . the wings were flavourless and dry , my wife maybe ate 3 or 4 of the dozen . they were advertised as 19c wings , and in hindsight we paid closer to $ 6 or $ 7 . also ordered nachos , which came overcooked and under-cheesed . there was next to no cheese on it . we mentioned the lack of cheese , and the waitress admitted that people tend to complain about it , and then walked away . i also asked for hot-sauce , and that never came . i will never go to this pub again ,	1679
0	horrible service ! had a very bad experience they do n't have good customer service only push to sell their products bad management ! ! !	1950
0	unfortunately we were very disappointed with the covenant . it was very hot inside which was uncomfortable . the atmosphere is nice and pretty but the food was a huge let down , especially considering the prices . i got the chicken romanesco sandwich & my man got the half chicken . i thought the sandwich was gross & the chicken was just meh . the biggest turn off was the amount of flies that we had to keep waving off . i also do n't understand the wood fire ovens and `` 900 '' degree concept without any pizza on the menu . dessert was nice though and the service was good .	1331
0	omg have you ever tried to contact these people . i think the president is easier to contact . you are taken thru recording after recording after recording . the level of customer service at this is non-existent . the phone would ring and ring and ring . please simplify the process of calling in . i am a patient and i have new insurance and wanted to see if it was accepted and schedule an appointment . now i 'm going to call somewhere else .	297
1	this salon is immaculately clean with an extremely large ( almost overwhelming ) selection of gel and regular polish . all tools came out of a sterilized , sealed package which i appreciated . the staff was friendly and i 'm very happy with the end result . will definitely be back !	3711
1	wow ! chef nailed the shortrib ! ! ! my hubby is an exec chef and he luved it . affordable , nice portions , good service . i had muscles ... .gone yummy . worth the visit	1529
1	really satisfied with the treatment done by dr. dhillion and assistant ada . i was scared and they made me feel so comfortable and worked so fast and eased my fears ! ! ! they have `` magic hands '' so now i 'm not afraid of the dentist thanks to them !	3292
1	never a disappointment whenever i come here . well for this location per say . however , in general pickle barrel has so many choices for meals that range from juicy steaks , to pasta , to vegetarian options . the wait to be seated was n't bad at all considering it was a saturday evening ( wait was about 10mins ) and the atmosphere is very nice . the waitress that served us was very cool and made with our orders pretty quickly . for the food , definitely trying the pasta my friend had ( i think it was gnocchi with cream sauce and mushrooms which was awesome ) .	534
1	they offer many different services here at moneytree . whether you need to cash a check , need a loan , etc . love this moneytree location in henderson ! a huge thank you to cherise and christian for always providing outstanding customer service during every visit . you guys are awesome ! this is well ran branch .	2380
1	woke up earlier this week with a crazy case of torticollis . could n't turn my head to the right and i was having spasms like crazy ! went to the joint on wednesday , thursday , and friday ( today ) . quick , easy adjustments and i 'm back to *almost* 100 % . today , i mentioned offhand that i 've had tmj for 3 weeks . two seconds of adjustments and bam it 's fixed ! what the heck ? ! why did n't i ask about this before ? ! i signed up for the monthly program and i 'll for sure be taking full advantage of it .	1587
1	bison burger was outstanding . i added the habanero mayo and back bacon . great atmosphere . finished with a shake .	1417
0	this location always smells like pure shit . they need to learn how to clean their drains . staff here is all college students who need an attitude adjustment .	1365
1	my home recently flooded and i was referred to enviro-clean for the asbestos testing . they did such a great job . they were prompt at getting there quickly and making sure things were done right . the owner tyler and office manager hailey were very helpful ! i would highly recommend them !	1836
1	love this location . it 's very conveniently located for me being right next to harris teeter and marshalls . the grooming is pretty good . i do n't like that they put your dog in the back . i have a 5lb yorkie/chihuahua mix and they said it took 4 hours to groom her but when i got there before she was `` done , '' she was in the back . i could hear her crying . alix was the groomer and she did a good job with my pup but i just prefer more one on one time for my little one . the store itself usually has great sales and a pretty good variety of things in stock .	514
1	i honestly do n't understand where all of these negative reviews are coming from , but hey , to each their own . i have been a patient of dr. newton 's since i was about 18-19 , i 'm now going on 29 , so a good 10 years and i have never had any issues with her or her staff . the front office staff has always been really nice and helpful . her and shelly are always very informative and helpful and shelly is hilarious ! dr. newton also delivered first baby in december 2011 and everything went wonderful . i will never go to another doctor after being a patient of dr. newton 's .	1925
0	very disappointing , i ordered a red velvet cupcake that tasted worst than the supermarkets , was not fresh/moist/tasty . the icing was just buttercream i could barely taste the cream cheese . this is by far the worst cupcake i 've had in toronto ! hope they improve as result of this review .	3539
0	the girl at the front obviously hated life that day , although the lobby/waiting area is cute , her disdain for all of humanity including myself really bummed me out . the place was clean , i was n't worried about my health or safety , but it was over priced and i was n't even paying that extra money towards a really fun experience . i left tanner , and a bit sad . i have n't been back and do n't really intend to repeat the experience .	3353
0	my wife and i were visiting my family in vegas , so we decided to rent a car . we went with avis because my wife is under 25 and with her bank , there was no extra charge for that . everything went smoothly and we had our lovely car in minutes . it was very nice and clean ! the only problem was that we never did get our deposit of $ 100 back . i 'm unsure if i 'll rent from them again for that reason , but other than that , it went so smoothly . i wish they had n't withheld my money because i had an exceptional experience with them despite the reviews of bad customer service .	3129
1	fun place for good wisconsin bar food . eclectic and fun decor reflected in pithy menu wording , lends to a general atmosphere of genitalty and comfort . great server/bartender who was extremely friendly . the whole place was unpretentious . i had a really good burger , the fries and chips were hot and delicious , and the carrot cake was scrumptious .	353
0	pretty disappointed with the service . the workers seemed to be caught up in conversation and cared more about that than serving me . i asked for my caramel macchiato with caramel only on the bottom but they instead put it both at the bottom and around the sides on top . so my drink had way too much caramel and was way too sweet for my liking . if they were n't busy talking they might have gotten my order correct . do n't see myself coming back to this location .	1996
0	they did n't make one of three drinks right . try to say something they get rude . wo n't ever cone to this one again .	2417
1	great full service marriott in the center of mesa walkable to the arts center . we stayed here to attend a phoenix symphony concert . loved the hotel . tha resto/bar azul is interesting with great bar staff . breakfast was a bit chaotic but very good . location location location is what drives this place . try it ! !	230
1	i love this place . friendly staff and a great choice of donuts . their donuts remind me of the donuts when i was a kid . they are n't oily like other donut shops . i like that you can pick a filled donut and they fill it right there on the spot .	1327
1	so , been going to family doctors of green valley for some time now . what i receive is a high level of customer service to which is a direct result of my doctor v having a great bedside manner . staff is friendly , but it 's nice to have a doctor who cares . yea sometimes you 'll wait a bit , but i feel the service is worth it .	297
0	ordered take out ... .wrong sandwich given to us and a hair in the ranch dressing ! ! ! disgusting ! would not recommend ! you would think that being rhoded ranch there would be some kind of quality assurance ... .obviously not , yuck !	1243
0	four months ago ( january 18th ) i applied to live here and they got my 500 dollars deposit . then , i got a message from emily saying that i could not have the apartment i applied for because the current tenant decided to stay . they offered a much smaller apartment for a higher monthly price and i declined . still today i have n't received my money back . i have emailed them multiple times and got no response back . i also called and they said the money would be returned to my card and the remaining balance in a check that i have never got . be aware of this place lack of work ethics !	842
1	who needs primanti 's when the best pittsburgh wrap is at mullens ! highly recommend with a side of tots of course and sara is the best bartender ever	2532
1	i am sorry to see that of the many people on yelp did not care for the king and i . personally , being a broke college student , the lunch specials at the king and i are portioned just right and include a drink for a pretty good price . quality of food is consistent and staff is generally friendly . they have a fairly consistent following of locals during lunch and dinner so it 's just not me sticking up for this place . note to self ... .. get regulars from the restaurant to write about king and i on yelp .	1361
1	always great service . i like this location easy to get in and out plus it 's always clean . i love the little ice cubes and they do cater to my husband cooking everything `` well done '' . kiddos to sonic burger c	844
1	we always get the fam 50 pack and get 35 hot and the 10 lemon pepper and 5 the louisiana barbecue or whatever the spicy bbq is and they get our order right everytime ! ! ! and if they dont its no problem to fix it ! ! if yall want great service def give this place a visit !	1395
0	i absolutely hate mercedes in the morning . there is way too much talking going on and no music . they 'll talk for 10 mins straight and go to commercial break that does n't make sense . if you want to hear people talk on the radio all day listen to npr . i work in a salon and all day i hear the same 10 songs , make a new track list or something because this is getting so annoying . so now when i listen to music i listen on spotify because there is no talking and i never hear the same song twice unless i want to .	3657
1	this place is a polish heaven ! great prices and the staff is friendly . ms. t and jessica are great . they are open until 6pm sunday - friday and closed on saturday . be aure to pay them a visit when you stop into vegas . they are only a 12-15 min drive from the strip .	2182
1	sample appetizer over priced ~ service was very good and new england clam chowder was amazing !	1255
1	tina is a very nice and patient hair stylist . i saw the reviews and decided to give it a try and it was a great choice . unlike most of the hair stylists , tina takes the time to listen to what i want provide suggestions . most importantly , she did n't cut my hair shorter than what i my preferred hair length would be . the price is reasonable . 1 tip : if you want to have a good hair wash and massage , this is not the place .	3697
1	located across from the silverton casino , and possibly one of the last exits before heading out of the las vegas area is this chevron . prices are competitive , and they also offer a convenience store and service station . its easy access to hop back onto the 15 freeway back to california .	1544
1	this review is for chrystal , master stylist at the ulta salon . i have been going to chrystal for a few years now . she does an excellent job from cut to color . i do n't even have to tell her , i trust that whatever cut or color she does will come out excellent . i always leave a happy and satisfied customer .	2479
0	the katsu crispy chicken burger did not meet expectations . it looked burnt . it did not even resemble a katsu . no panko crust outside . it seemed it was floured , egged , & fried . then dipped in a dark sauce . outside coating did not stick and feel apart in burger after a few bites . bypass this menu item and choose something else . i 've experienced this burger once before on the side of the road from a truck , way better impression . not consistent . maybe a bad day .	964
0	very rode ! the lady answered the phone hang up on me ! i asked for a test that was showing online that they do . i she said they are do n't doing it . i told her that online it is show that they does that . i asked her to ask someone else . she got mad said no and hang up	2724
1	fast and family-friendly mexican restaurant that serves chips and salsa the moment you sit down . they also serve one of the largest margaritas i 've ever seen .	1518
1	this is one of the best spots in town to pop in for a drink after work , watch a sports game , or just simply hang out . the food is bomb especially the pizzas and the fries . the happy hour is also great . the only reason i would give them 4 stars instead of 5 is the smoking . i know that they might be allowed to smoke by law but if one person lights up a cigarette it stinks up the entire place . i definitely leave the bar smelling like ashtrays : ) the bartenders are all very friendly especially brady who is awesome !	1520
0	well ... the ladies were super nice and the atmosphere is kid friendly . the haircut is awful ... looks like something a kid would do themselves . i 'm not picky and still chose to go get it fixed the next day . i would not recommend .	3087
1	this is the only well fargo i use but i have never been inside . i am able to depost and withdrawl from the atm . always has been convenient .	1533
0	worst customer service i 've had golfing in the valley . we booked and paid for 18 holes only to be stopped on the turn and told we not only had to pay more to play the back 9 but also would be charged for our cart again . after explaining and showing them what we paid for and booked , they still refused to honor the deal . being nickel and dimed by a second rate course is pretty ridiculous .	1944
0	worst food and service ever ! waitress never brought water and the shrimp plate i ordered had small shrimp . it was all sauce , rice and beans . i was charged for chips and salsa when on the menu it said first round was free . i wo n't go back ! ! !	7
0	terrible . us toner service from the son , he refused to continue helping us to but a suit because i asked too many question , what a cocky young mn , he needs a lesson in customer service . he let us walk .	442
1	came here for another chance on them , much better . granted nobody was in the restaurant , but the service was much better and food came quick along with drinks . she checked on us periodically . overall , better experience .	1319
0	okay , so i know it seems like i 'm being harsh , however i ended up on the toilet the rest of the night after going here . i ordered the risotto with shrimp , it was very tasty , but over priced . i will never be back again .	951
0	not deserving it 's 4-star rating . decor is lacking . it 's a favorite for local hipsters and self-loathing yuppies types . i 've had much better pho . broth does n't seem made there , no flavor , not a lot of meat in each bowl . on top of this , it 's quite expensive for pho served in a cinder-box .	947
0	qt is usually a nice friendly quick stop but today the cashier brian w was rude . i do n't think i 'll be coming back to this qt .	3797
0	avoid eric , he sexually molested my friends and i when we were 15 and apparently has n't stopped ... he was charged with sexually assaulting someone at the tattoo parlour a few years ago .	2764
0	une des pires expériences : 1 ) 1 heure d'attente pour être servis - restaurant débordé avec trop de commandes pour emporter un samedi soir , les clients dans le restaurant passent après ; 2 ) les dumplings commandés sont vides et composés seulement de pâtes avec sauce à l'arachide ; 3 ) odeur persistante de graisse de cuisine qui colle aux cheveux et vêtements ; 4 ) service désintéressé et donc comme le plat principal n'arrivait toujours pas ( poulet général tao ) après plus d'une heure , nous sommes partis et ne reviendrons jamais .	1336
1	super cute little spot . friendly staff with a wide variety of healthy , delicious things to eat . be prepared for a longer wait that your used to but it 's totally worth it ! definitely substituting my daily starbucks for this place ! i got the runners edge smoothie , i could n't put it down !	2726
0	service was slow and not attentive . our sushi sat at the sushi counter for 20 mins . the other food we got was cold and not very good . took over 1.50 hours to eat for 2 people . will not go back ...	1196
0	i love dr. leepard as a doctor , but she is never on time . if you do not get the first available appointment in the morning you can plan to wait at least two hours before you are seeing . and the scheduling department is even worse . i scheduled an appointment for one day and when i came in i was told that the appointment date has been moved to another date without my knowledge . so inconsiderate for peoples time . i will be finding a new doctor .	2747
0	i would have to say i had the worst experience visiting this property . the assistant property manager was so unprofessional . as we walked through the door she did not even acknowledge us . one of the other leasing agents informed us that she was off and that we needed to wait for the assistant manager . the apartments are so awkward . they are so small . if you have the opportunity to view others properties do it .	3467
0	as long as you hoat crappy electronic bands suck as e alo and majestic dubs i 'll take my business elsewhere . get some quality acts please .	2045
1	the doctor and staff at great smiles are extremely family oriented and provide fantastic care . would n't go anywhere else for my dentistry needs .	3766
0	take out is terrible fajitas raw , person on phone taking order got the order wrong . taco bell is 100 times better .	1558
0	okay i 've ordered uber eats from here twice . first time i ordered the macarons , assorted cookies , and mini nutella crepe . the cookies were n't in the bag . but the crepe was good it had the nutella on top and lots inside . and the macarons are really good . still sad about the cookies . i decided to try again and ordered the larger crepe for $ 2 more and the macarons . when we got the crepe it barely had any nutella in it and nothing drizzled on top . do n't think i 'll order from here again .	1011
1	i love this location ! ! always super organized ( by size at least ) and always have great product for awesome prices ! ! keep it up ! !	2817
0	i did my research before i went in and had seen my item on sale for $ 85 . when i walked in i told them what i was looking for and they said it was $ 299 . when i told them about the sale i had seen they honored the price and the item is good quality . i am giving it two stars because they honored the price i saw but also two stars because they acted like the best deal was $ 299 until i told them about the sale . bottom line , good quality but do your research .	3738
1	it 's was fabulous . my tax lady robin ford was very nice and helpful ! i will go again next year !	1120
0	2.5/5 if i 'm being generous . the food is just all right , no spice , not a lot of flavour in my opinion compared to other middle eastern restaurants.the food did come relatively fast after ordering . the staff is made up of really young ppl , i think a lot of them were teens . they made several mistakes with my order . i ordered to eat there and take out . take out was just a mess . they kept wanting to chitchat with each other , so they would end up ignoring customers . i had to ask for water and then i never got a refill . improved training and language skills would help .	808
1	actually some reallllly great tacos for airport food ! the chicken was nicely seasoned and juicy with plenty of lettuce and pico . definitely get salsa and top it off , the salsa is zesty with a little spice - delicious ! the rice is a bit overdone but add salt and again , salsa .	623
1	i did n't eat here since i discovered it too late , but i wish i found this earlier . it would have saved me a lot of money . the food looked like typical chipotle quality .	214
1	my wife is malaysian and i 've consumed more malaysian cuisine than most americans , so i think i 'm qualified to review these folks . their beef rendang and roti canai were on point . on par with what i have had in kuala lumpur !	961
0	two tacos dinners to go . fish and carne asado . both ok. place hard to find and parking was difficult . designed as a place for those working nearby or parked across the street in the mall . ok value to price , ok food , nothing to write home about	1317
0	used to go there regularly for their chicken steak with rice but i found a hair in my food today . never going again	3609
1	i liked the flexibility of the classes and how you could take them at your own pace . yes , the instructors are reading through notes , but they have to cover the info that 's on the state and federal exams , and this is how they are sure to cover everything , so this method works for me . i paced the classes to get them done in 7 weeks , which was a good pace for me . i spent 2 full days studying for the school exam and passed , spent another full day studying more for the state and federal tests and passed . staff were all nice .	2880
1	good atmosphere , good miso soup . great sushi , loved the spicy tuna !	408
1	this place is original ! very clean . we stopped by for breakfast but you can get lunch , dinner and desert ! ! they have a great breakfast deal a waffle ( fresh not frozen ) eggs , bacon/sausage and coffee for a great price . ca n't wait to take the kiddos ... las vegas is mainly big business so this fun little spot makes me feel like i am back in eagle rock california.. you must stop by this lil gem ... .	580
1	i needed ink for my printer and just took a chance and stopped at the local store on s. eastern in henderson , near the target anchor store . young lady helped me . she was great . then i asked some questions about the purchase of a desk top computer and she gave me full attention and customer service . i will be back again .	3587
1	their master club fitter al murdock spend almost two hours with me fitting me to irons , woods and putter . i found him to be very knowledgeable , patient and helpful in assisting me in making the right choices in clubs . i would highly recommend this store as they also have a great selection . i got the clubs i wanted at 1/3rd the cost i thought i would spend .	1013
1	quicken was wonderful they closed my loan in 16 days . i called them because a local mortgage broker was not being responsive and escrow had already started for purchase . i 've had about 11 real estate transactions over my life time and this was by far the easiest most pain free of them all . the website is easy to use staff was very responsive , the rate and cost of loan was very competitive .	1792
1	5 star treatment with affordable costs . meg is the absolute best . she has given me so much advice to improve my hair and recommendations for other things . i am 52 and have long hair , which makes me very cautious of who i let colour my hair . i always recommend her to everyone i know and finally decided to do a yelp review . all the staff seem great , but meg is a sure thing . also , a head massage to die for !	2869
0	i went for my first appt at the salon so i did n't have anyone specific i requested - i ended up with a young girl straight out of school , which is perfectly fine , except the fact she has n't learned how to deal with customers . she was spilling hair dye everywhere and telling me how messy she is with application , talking about her personal `` baby daddy '' drama , and finally making me leave the appt with a wet head ! it was getting late and shop was closing up , so she wanted to leave , but i still had to pay for cut , color , and style . i did n't receive that .	384
1	this is starbucks . i mean what can i say , it 's starbucks . starbucks is and will probably always be my favorite place to get coffee . although , i wish the prices were a bit lower . here are some recommendations if you are overwhelmed by the menu 's many choices : pumpkin spice latte ( if it 's the season ) vente dark roast ( best for monday 's ) vanilla sweet cream cold brew ( iced ) pink drink ( strawberry refresher and coconut milk , what could be better ? ) i hope this list come of service to you !	2145
1	my new favorite place , the receptionist was really nice , and staff , i plan on coming back to get more fillers in the future	582
1	grand opening ! i pretty much dug this place . they have a nice array of food available . hot dogs , subs , burgers , and ribs ... . gon na try the ribs next ! food was pretty in-expensive . waitress was helpful ... nothing too crazy happened ... haha ... i 'll be back ...	242
0	so slow over a half hour for a donut and coffee . and then rude customer service asked to use up my gift card and i got a dirty look . ugh so many times i had problems at this location . i guess i 'll be headin to circle k for my coffee instead .	1532
1	i 've been to this papa johns location a few times , and each experience has been great ! the pizza is always perfect , and the service is always fast and friendly . will definitely be coming back to this location regularly !	1406
1	i just discovered this place today . i really like the way they prepared my iced mocha-like a bartender would . fast , efficient , economy of motion . the espresso area is set up like a bar and the barista served the iced mocha the way i like it-shaken , not stirred . the drink was excellent and i unfortunately downed it in about 45 seconds . i have that problem with iced mocha 's . there is a very nice , relaxed atmosphere here . the decor is earthy and somewhat tropical-inspired . great outdoor seating area . they have 3 free pcs and free wireless . you do need to get an access code from the cashier . another great independent coffeehouse !	3520
1	nice atmosphere , pretty good food . when i went , it was a younger crowd ( high school students ) . location is good - after shopping at t & t supermarket , you can go for a nice bubble tea and food break !	176
0	called sunday to get a pickup at 5:15 am monday morning . had a tight schedule to catch a flight off of the island airport . no problem , right ? stood outside waiting at 5:15 - no car . called at 5:20 to see what 's up . had to phone 3 times before someone picked up , the first 2 times got vm . the guy put me on hold for about 5 minutes while trying to contact the driver . he finally gave up and told me tough luck . so i was stranded . luckily i called back taxi and they came in 5 minutes , but i was sweating bullets ! i will never use these guys again !	2952
1	the little post office that could ( and did ! ) stay open until midnight on tax day so i could mail my request for an extension post-marked on the date . whew ! now i have until october to file . looks like i can forget about all that nastiness until the summer of fun is over .	3230
1	loved the friendliness . stacey , my waitress , was great -- a perfect mix of knowing when to give me time and when to check up on me . food was really good for the price . management checked in while i was there as well . place is clean and attractive . top notch for this chain !	1029
0	ribs were black and overcooked , with old oily smell . brisket was too dried ... it was waste of 50 $ for the ribs and brisket .	1547
1	i 've been coming here for a year , if you get simplicity make sure to book this location even if you have to drive longer . never try to get in earlier , they will tell you to come just to sit and wait until it is your appointment time , other than that , the ladies are cordial and take their time to make sure your areas are covered correctly and that you have as minimal pain as possible . i was fairly hairless so it took a year to be hair-free in the legs , armpits and bikini . paid about 1k for the year and i think it was worthy .	343
1	beautiful remodel . amazing service . employees here are the best in town . i can never go here and spend less than 80 $ .	583
0	made an appointment for an oil change at 10am . i show up and they tell me it will be a 2.5 hour wait until they can even look at the car . so either they do n't know what an appointment is , or they just completely ignore the concept of them . thanks for wasting my time !	3020
1	cheryl was our waitress . extremely friendly and helped us with our order . we have to eat super healthy and clean and she was great in making sure that happened ; )	520
1	been coming to this restaurant since day one ! always receive great food & service- and have visited many many times . my all time favourite thai/japanese food and i love that it 's ayce	1362
0	absolutely loved the food , wonderful menu with a great selection but i will not being returning . these people could learn a little about customer service . my server was totally inattentive and when i asked to speak to a manager i could see where she learned it from . this lady was so rude . to bad i would have came back hoping to host an event if it was n't for her . it 's such a shame because this restaurant has so much potential but until theres some staff changes future customers be warned . i hope sam/pam whatever her name was gets a few books on customer service for dummys .	935
0	last august my mother was half way through the car wash at this facility and the machinery removed the bumper from her car . as soon as she went to say something the young man working said it was not his problem . he also refused to give my mother his card and insisted he was the manger when she asked to speak to one . he was incredibly rude and was even getting in my mom 's face when he kept refusing to assist her . i wish i was able to say something sooner but i just heard of this incident absolutely do n't go to this location . they 're incredibly rude and unhelpful when they damage your vehicle ! !	2939
1	haha this paul guy is a riot . always pushing the sale . vinyl . 8 tracks . playboy . video games . catch all shop for unashamed nerds . pop in to check it out . ask him to play something ( assuming it 's opened ) if it tickles your fancy .	2734
1	great service i 've had from a cupcakery and i really loved the cupcakes . pretty fluffy , consistency of their red velvet was pretty good . this place is a hidden gem . i 'm gon na have to try their milkshakes .	1889
0	brought my sewing machine here for a tuneup . wo n't go here again . the guy that works there was a jerk . i ended up taking it back without the work being done .	932
1	i 've been coming here for several months now . everyone is so friendly . if you check in using yelp you get 20 % off your first service and then every time you check in after you get 10 % off . my gel nails last 2 weeks ( i 'm very rough on my nails ) . i use their online booking system to book my appointments .	1429
1	another great job by these great techs ! my granite chipped , i 'm not sure how , but the tech repaired it . i ca n't see the repair ! thanks guys ! great job !	743
1	4 out of 5 with the consideration that this is a local bike shop with cafe , not the normal dining location . i had a ham and egg sandwich and was pleasantly impressed - it was amazingly tasty . i curious to try the espresso drinks and lunch menu soon . i only wish the volume on the tv was n't so loud .	3726
1	oh how i heart whole foods . it has the same beautiful meat and fish cases as my location in chicago but the bulk foods and the wine selection are even bigger . plus - make your own peanut butter ! while staying at the green valley ranch , this was my second home . fresh sushi for dinner for $ 5 , a slice of pizza for $ 2 for lunch , some cheese and proscuitto and baguette and some hummus and pita from the food bar for snacks . add in a few bottles of wine for under $ 10 and a delicious cannoli for dessert and i 'm happy girl .	433
1	one of the best in town ! for those who are gluten free and celiac their gf bagels are excellent . love their chives cream cheese . they also have delicious gf cookies .	325
1	johnnie walker is attentive , professional , fast and efficient . very dependable service . had an electrical issue and they not only fixed it but tested the entire system and had the work done in an hour . highly recommended !	3890
1	lynette at laser 528 is the best ! she does a great job on my skin . she uses amazing products . it 's so relaxing . her services have made me look younger and i will keep going back .	2620
0	they tried to overcharge me by over $ 100 and the car was filthy and covered in dings . my worst experience ever renting a car .	3595
1	perfect ! we stayed here for 4 weeks while doing an internship and really enjoyed our time- thanks to this great residence . the apartments are at least as nice as the photos promise , you can really feel at home and you find everything you need there . we also used the pool and fitness center nearly every day , they are absolutely clean and in a very good condition ! and barbecue at the pool is just so romantic ... on top of it all , there 's a parking garage , and the gated communitie really makes you feel safe . highly recommended to stay there ! greetings from austria : )	3718
1	i really like this hotel overall . i have stayed here a couple times and enjoyed my stay each time . the pool and exercise room are both sufficient , the rooms are clean and inviting , and the hotel lobby is large and comfortable boasting a starbucks too ! i have stayed here on a personal trip , and also attended a conference on site as well : the conference facilities were also great , and the staff were wonderful and very efficient . i also love the location of this hotel - on the water and within walking distance to mostly everything you might need including an lcbo , grocery store , and all sorts of restaurants . i would absolutely stay here again .	1859
0	it 's was a great place previously but now down to earth . from menu delete best lots , and today i 'm coming before close 40 minuts . i 'm driven 20 min , because yelp show this place close at 11 pm . finally shef say me - not today and go out , do n't ask maybe i 'm wan na stay in bar and drink . does n't have time to another restaurant , because loose time for him . bad service	408
1	stopped by this place with for a dolce fix on a lazy sunday pm and tried vanilla bean crepe cake , strawberry shortie and matcha azulejo . they were positively impressive and to write home about . french-japanese mix in character , texture and moisture of the cake is perfect and is complemented creatively by some unique icing . they were a visual gem and pleasure to taste buds . highly recommend for anyone hankering good piece of cake in town .	3180
1	my wife and i were in scottsdale and she wanted to try botox . sensational skin came highly recommended , and i must say they did not disappoint . my wife had never had botox before and the doctor was very patient with her , explaining everything to her and answered all her questions . she came out and was very impressed . a few weeks have went by and she looks amazing . great staff too . everyone was so nice and helpful . my wife and i are recommending sensational skin to everyone ! ! !	2384
0	complete dive , just became a motel 6 ( sucks ) . supposedly , there bed bug problems were fixed . breakfast ok . i would sleep in the park versus this hotel . lock your car and post guard dogs . the frequent high heeled ladies are not the maids , but they do `` service '' the hotel .	1412
0	victoria in the print department is the most rude , snotty employee i have ever encountered . i would give no stars if i could . she is a puny brown haired young girl with glasses and tattoos . total human trash ! ! !	1638
1	love hello kitty ? well you 'll love this store that has a variety hk merchandise and other sanrio characters too . tokyo world is part of the tokyo discount chain . this new store is smaller but is stocked with the more popular japanese imports like green tea kit kats ! that made me happy ! the location is on the lower level of the galleria mall near jcpenney .	2293
1	i have been going to best buy for the last 25 years . i think the customer service and attention to detail has improved quite a bit over the last year . i think they are doing a good for the future of the store . in order for a box store to survive customer service has to be excellent .	3192
0	terribly rude waiters that seemed impatient and ignorant of what to do . one waitress got upset when my young cousin moved her fork from the appropriate side of the plate . food was n't too great either , especially considering a particular amazing indian place in las vegas . origin india is to good indian food , as taco bell is to good mexican food .	600
1	pilar at west flamingo animal hospital is great receptionist . always friendly and helpful . she always has a smile and makes you feel better when you bring in your ill pet and are filled with worry . you can tell she really cares and wants to help .	1864
1	i love this place ! i have has some clothes in pretty bad shape that they were able to make look like new . they are reasonably priced and have excellent customer service . i would n't go anywhere else !	2341
0	soooo it 's wednesday night . we 're standing outside aaaaaaaaaaand it 's closed . your yelp page said you were open . thanks for wasting our time !	849
1	they do n't serve mimosa 's ( or any alcohol ) on sunday until noon . the service was great on a sunday ! the lunch size portions were perfect .	1558
0	i visited this location for the first time this week , and was really put back by how small it was . pros new equipment classy entrance somewhat tidy cons small change rooms crazy busy after work ( 6pm onwards , typical ) stretching mat is constantly full of people , do yourself a favour and learn how to use the stretching machine to avoid the mat . one of the machines i was using had a broken handle , the rowing machine 's display was n't reading and the first shower i tried to use would n't turn on . the more i think about this , the less likely i 'll go back to this location .	2370
0	i wish i had anything to say about their food ... but unfortunately i never got the chance to try it . emerson fry bread was booked to cater my wedding , and they did not show up ... they called an hour before they were supposed to show up and said they could n't make it . what terrible service ! ! !	2937
0	if you read the previous review , you saw at the end of november i attempted to deal with usaa with regard to obtaining a mortgage . boy , was i surprised when they `` dinged '' my credit score by 23 points ! it 's been 2 months and whola , my credit score has increased 3 points since then ! i hope everyone who reads this and thinks about using usaa for their mortgage assistance considers how adversely they are treating this member of a military family before usaa ruins their credit score .	3429
0	my daughter had an infection at 3 months old . i took her in . even though she had a cough and congestion the dr. ordered her to get a sample of her urine . at that age they stick a catheter to get it . well , the nurse performing it did it wrong and punctured her vagina and blood was on the ground . i told her to stop and get the dr . i will never forget what happened and never brought her back . i found a great dr. dr. heck . he listened to me and never made me or my child uncomfortable .	3134
0	we ordered the broccoli soup and stir fry . never seen geletin added to a soup . it was horrid ! noodles in stir fry undercooked . not many veggies . stick to pub style food . skip the main dishes .	2505
1	i 've never had a bad experience here . food , especially their soups , are very good . i recently planned to meet some friends here but misjudged their lack of parking . i do n't mind walking in the summer , but in the winter you can freeze your butt off..but once inside , it 's well worth it !	951
0	i purchased the warranty from carmax for my vehicle . cna reps have been helpful and polite but the problem i have is with their choice of mechanics . the mechanic working on my service at this point is on his 3rd transmission repair with in 3 months and with in 7,000 miles . cna needs to do a better comprehensive review of their mechanics because i 'm going through an almost 4 month nightmare because they ca n't fix the problem .	3496
1	fast friendly service with delicious food every time . this place is clean and they get your food to you fast and with a smile om their face ! love it and definitely recommend .	669
0	absolute garbage . the coffee is execrable- they sell flavoured lattes that should never , ever be consumed . completely disgusting , filthy establishment that coasts on somebody 's version of `` charm '' and a decent , but only decent , patio . the place is clotted with patrons who are partaking if the free wi-fi . baked things are sugar-laden disasters . when you have a world class coffeehouse across the street at phil & sebastian or even the much better coffee at seed and salt , i can not fathom how this place stays in business .	1035
1	nice little casino feel with that bigger casino look and service cocktail waitresses dont leave you thirsty you wont go long till ones taking your order on an ipad relaying it for another to serve you your drink one other great thing upstairs in the casino is a 24 hr hash house a go go if you never been your missing out theyre sports book is pretty comfy as well leather seats big screens not the biggest but one of the cleanest	2976
0	looks like they have a great inventory but the service is terrible ! called and left a message and never got a return call so went to the store . stood around and never was helped . finally after approaching a clerk , his answer to three questions was `` i do n't know '' . home depot and amazon here i come ! !	1024
1	good location , quiet property , and an excellent 24 hour gym with great community upkeep and generally friendly employees . sent here as temporary housing during a planned relocation everything was taken care of and all persons involved were efficient , helpful , and thorough . single bedroom spaces could be slightly larger and closet space is limited , but overall i 've been very impressed thus far .	2033
0	sunday afternoon and the chandler area was very busy but this place . however , they were too busy to serve us dinner . had wine and then went up to san tan brewery for dinner which is always great . never again . too many other choices for wine !	49
1	best location of all bodyheat tanning salons ! very nice and helpful staff working and very clean !	1314
0	beware ... .if you are looking for a doctor 's office that returns phone calls , keep looking . i left voice mail messages for two consecutive days with no return call . i went in to speak with somebody but the pa i needed to talk to was gone for the day . i was assured they would call me first thing in the morning , but , it is 4pm the next day and still no phone call ... ... .	1562
0	i had my car brought in for service . the service guy charged me a $ 120 diagnosis fee for some minor items . they were supposed to fix squealing brakes but my brakes still squeal . he said i needed new tires - which i knew - and then when i asked him if he could match prices to an online store he padded the quote with another charge . i luckily said no and went with the online store . i will never bring my car in again for service . i will go to my usual place , infiniti of camelback . i feel they are much more honest .	2133
1	this store is so clean and inviting . i was throwing a dinner party at the last minute . the majority of my guests were into nice red and white wines . tracy was extremely helpful ! she saved me by picking out just the right wines for my special occasion . my guests were very impressed with the selections that tracy had recommended . she made me look like a star ; but , she is the real star . thank you so much for your help ! excellent customer service and knowledge that was completely unexpected at a grocery store .	2316
0	do n't come here if you value your time or if you have a life . if you 're going to overbook clients then have the decency to inform us of the waiting time or do n't have people show up half an hour before their appointment to fill out 5 pages of paperwork . i got to the office at 11:45 , was not called back to the room until almost 1pm . it is now 1:28 pm and still no doctor . all this for a simple procedure which will take no more than 5 minutes . never coming here again ! it should n't take 2 hours to be seen anywhere if you arrived early or on time to your appointment .	3313
1	we just had one of the best fast food experiences ever at this restaurant ! superior customer service ! ! very clean too . keep up the good work : - )	1250
1	i live near this place and its the best place to take visitors ! they make it extra special , and have a good happy hour .	368
0	do n't use this dry cleaner ! ! i took in 6 garments for cleaning . 4 ties , a pair of pants and a sports jacket . of the six garments only one was cleaned satisfactorily . one tie had spots that were not removed . two ties came back wrinkled . the pants had a double crease and the sports jacket was wrinkled . the young clerk was totally uncooperative . i gave up on them and i am going to take my garments to another cleaners who can do the job properly . i would n't take my dirty socks to this place .	2704
1	great moroccan food , the chicken tajine and the lamb kabobs are amazing . they serve really great burgers and steaks as well .	109
1	always a good time when we visit here . i love the laidback feel of it , my girls and i had a blast a few weeks back when we last came here . jukebox offers an array of music to play , crowd is pretty chill , relaxed atmosphere . will be back again the next time we 're in town .	3661
0	really bad service didnt fix my car on time dont go here so bad so upset about it you would know what i am talking about if you went their liars and ass holes ! !	8
1	soooo yummy ! i had the mediterranean chicken pita combo ( with fries and drink ) . they use chicken breast and season it deliciously . and their tzatziki sauce ... mmmmmmmm . the fries were thick and perfectly cooked . i 'd prefer a plain , unsweetened tea option , but i 'm probably in the minority on that one . it was a bit of a wait ( saturday at 1pm-ish ) , but well worth it . ca n't wait to return and try some other options .	875
1	started coming here 2 months ago and have lost 30 pounds in time for a family cruise .	297
0	i booked with them and received a good to go email , called off work , and they sent me an email 2 hours later saying the airline did not honor the booking but to call them to get a new price . they also have spammed me 7 times since i signed up 2 hours ago ... . i feel really great about this unsecured site having my travel information and am shocked fly.com is allowing them to operate on their page .	1574
0	do n't get me wrong , i love guess clothes . but i despise going into the store , especially this one . they are so annoying and do n't leave you alone at all when you 're buying something , but god forbid you go to return something . i was treated like complete crap and was talked to like a child ( the one guy in particular with his chest hair in my face and the squeaky voice . ) so rude and condescending . not shopping here again .	2662
1	my kids have been seeing dr abrams for about 4 years now and they love her ! they are very good and patient with them . wait time is not too bad ... just remember they are working on kids time ( as noted in their waiting room ) so be patient . their waiting room is kid friendly as well , with a tv , game consoles , and other games .	2626
0	will not recommend this business to any of my friends my phone was n't fixed properly and when i went back to dispute and try to get it fixed they wanted to charge me again the full amount it would have cost me $ 350 to get my phone fixed . and that 's just outrageous . beware ...	1480
1	i recently moved to arizona and have used this parking facility twice in a very short period . both times i was very satisfied with the staff ! the drivers have all been very helpful and courteous .	2531
1	this restaurant is so underrated in terms of popularity around my circle of friends ( not a lot of people i know come her but now they will ! ! ! ) . this may be unusual but i appreciate a spot with good water . most places in china town have water that taste too ... chemically . they have the best asian restaurant tap water and that means a lot . clean , yummy water means clean pipes and cleaner foods . i applaud this place .	673
1	great show . my 7 year old also loved it and got most of the shows . there are some adult innuendos that made it fun for the adults as well . the magic was old fashioned but still amazing . we got free tickets ( with a purchase of a drink ) after we went to the grand canyon through viator .	2489
1	dr. thosani is a thorough professional . she performed moh 's surgery on my nose for basal cell carcinoma and an annual skin check . plastic surgeon , dr. stutman tore a small piece of skin while closing the area on my nose , causing a raised scar . it is unlikely i would use him again .	2099
1	friendly and helpful staff at this location . we stored our belonging for 7 months and everything was great when we arrived ! facility is neat and well organized ! great experience !	2065
0	drew rudest guy i 've ever had to deal with at any business . if you are a women i suggest you go else where , they do not speak to women with any kind of resect.the other employees sat right in front with his head down . please singel women do your self a favor & go to a woman friendly auto service .	1604
0	attended hospitality design show here last week , and was underwhelmed by yet another disappointing convention center in vegas . the only benefit to sands is being adjoined to the venetian . sands as a convention center offers zero amenities , surprising that the convention center operators have done such a poor job of bidding out contracts to suitable food/bev vendors . convention center itself appears in need of renovation .	587
1	love this place ! great place to hang out with friends . also , on some occasions when it 's not too busy , perfect vibe to study .	2219
0	a bit old and run down but if you 're staying on the strip and you 're tired of vegas type activities the location of this theater is great .	2061
0	delivered and improperly assembled a dining room table . as the delivery team ran out of the house we tried to stop them but they said they already placed an order to fix the damage . we have called ashley several times to get this table replaced . we bought a new table not a used table that is badly damaged and they will send someone to fix . bs ! been getting the run around for over a month now	3738
0	maybe it was a bad night ... there is a lot to choose from from an asian food stand point . do not come here if american food is on your agenda . my family and i came on a tuesday night around 530 . the place was basically dead ... the service and people were nice , but that 's not enough to make me come back ... ever !	165
1	these guys are the real deal , they do exactly what they say they are no hidden cost . extremely knowledgeable and great customer service . i would absolutely recommend these guys . thank you for your service ! !	1512
1	the restaurant is spacious and decorated nicely . i like to go there for bagels , salads and soups . their salads are especially good , as are their soups . i do like the variety of bagels they have as well . i 'm not that fond of their sandwiches , though , which are mainly bread with some kind of filling .	867
0	this place is garbage you have people using 2 machines at once when it 's packed taking their time like people do n't pay to use the equipment to the bathrooms are disgusting you ca n't even dry your hands after washing because people are naked using the paper towels to dry their whole body off after a shower gross people sweat all over the machines and do n't clean them up you guys need to make some changes	392
0	booked through golf now and paid online in full . when i arrived i was charged a $ 4.99 cart gps fee . i called golf now who have the price advertised as with cart . i believe this is not an honest practice to have a non disclosed mandatory fee after full payment to golf now .	3869
0	i came in here a few days ago with uti symptoms . after doing a dip test i was told it was negative for a uti and they were unsure of what i had . they recommended i go to the er for possible kidney stones . i did not go to the er only because i was left with the impression that the person who was diagnosing me was unsure of what i actually had . i feel disappointed that i wasted my money coming here since i have no insurance and had to pay out of pocket .	2906
0	meh , sub par products at higher than average prices . there are a lot more places i would go to before returning . its a money mill and not here for patients at all . the owner is a douche , pardon my french . he was overheard talking about basically screwing vendors and raising prices on patients to make more money for their new recreational spots . bad actors ! ! ! !	1444
0	the customer service is great , but the equipment is outdated and unsafe . almost every single treadmill stops and starts at higher speeds . i hold the owner responsible for not updating the equipment . they have everything you need as far as free weights , but the treadmills are dangerous !	392
0	i went in to look at the mazda cx-5 and was not impressed with the service . the sales guy was acting put out that i was even there , needless to say i took my business elsewhere .	2816
1	salsa blanca is amazing ! i would recommend the chimichangas . and if you want chips with your meal , get your food for dine-in because chips do n't come with orders to go . i honestly like this mexican place over others just because of the salsa . it 's delicious . the owner is very friendly , i have never seen it terribly dirty and a mess , and the guac is good .	548
0	3 tiny tacos , a drink and chips $ 9 ! ... if you eat it there . if you order to go they wo n't give you the chips ! this is what the lady told me . seriously ? wo n't be back .	857
1	been to my doctor now four times this month . everyone from the med assistants to the doctors are great and very professional loved all my visits here 5/5	609
1	i loved the ambiance of this restaurant . the food was amazing and the service was excellent . we started with the famous roy 's hawaiian martini , lobster potstickers for apps , scallops and swordfish for our entrees and everything was cooked to perfection . if you are a dessert lover like i am ... especially cake , you must try the pineapple upside down cake served a la mode ... so good ! this was my first time , but i will definitely dine at roy 's again !	1534
0	i do n't understand why the ratings are so high for this place . i 'm spoiled coming from or where thai restaurants are plentiful and delicious . i ordered the chicken pad thai , fried wontons , and a side of peanut sauce . first off , their delivery boxes leaked all over the bag which was annoying . second , the pad thai was orange . i 've never seen this before . the wontons were dry and the sweet sauce with it , leaked out of the container also . the only thing redeeming to me is their peanut sauce . i felt like i was eating cafeteria food . i will not be back .	1450
0	have shopped here a few times , decent service . called today to see if they had a rope attachment in stock , literally transferred me five times looking for a basic gym item . when i got to the 6th person , he said he would have to transfer me again to the manager . at that point i just hung up . bozos , never shopping here again .	3760
0	very disappointed in their work . i brought in 4 knives that i use for work and that day i got to work to see how sharp they were i could barley even cut with them . one of my knives i could n't even cut a lemon with . my other knives that i use to cut stake i felt like i had to saw through the meat . i feel like i could have did a better job with a sharpening stone and my eyes closed . i 'll make sure to never come here again and inform all my co-workers not to bring their knives here to get sharpened	2927
0	cold water shower , no iron , no coffee , didnt clean my room , car noise from road . the list goes on . worst hotel experience i 've had !	3162
0	it looked like a virgin america airplane , but it felt like a us airways flight . fortunately , my husband and i had to endure it for just under an hour from las to lax . the old , bitter flight hostess might as well have had us pass a 12-pack of heineken down the aisle and take one . i guess customer service costs extra , too . next .	1623
0	i was approached by 3 employees to see if i needed any help which i really appreciated ! but after heading to the checkout i waited behind 8 people while only 2 cashiers where available . i even asked that they add more checkers but after waiting a few more minutes they did not come and the same 2 people were still checking out . i would suggest more employees get the customers checked out instead of standing around in a circle telling each other spinach is a high protein food . lost my sale as i waked out . disappointing !	3101
0	i am korean and i know what good korean food taste like and wow ... . this place serves the worst disgusting tasting food i have ever tasted . the soup was too salty and tasted like dishwater ! the dumplings were gross and no flavor ! i went in hungry and came out concerned if i might get food poisoning . stay away people !	435
0	this place has definitely gone downhill in the past year or so , they are very slow they leave you in the room for about 90 min ! ! ! until the doctor comes to see you , this is ridiculous no urgency no nothing just plain slow and lazy	297
1	i gave five stars because i feel a lot of other yelpers have been unfair with this place and want to help boost their rating . it is what it is . it 's better than the buffet down the street . it 's always got a good selection and full platters of reasonable quality food and it 's cheap . a good value for the money . i have trouble seeing how they manage to carve out a profit at this place honestly .	1166
0	after paying 18 for a drink at this place you feel like you stepped in a deuce . some of the most unfriendly bartenders ive encountered anywhere on earth . not sure why these staffers were so grumpy but this place lacks any soul .	456
0	we came here based on the yelp reviews ... .we were disappointed . the tacos had no flavor , the enchilada was luke warm and swimming in sauce and the burrito was nothing to write home about . there is n't much to the place , and usually places like that have great food at great prices , this place had neither . nine dollars per entree is a lot of money to pay for food that came on styrofoam plates and did n't include chips and salsa .	1036
1	i love small businesses and especially if they treat people well . tott 's is a family owned place and the owner is very nice . i have n't eaten at this place since they moved from the guadalupe/mcclintock location to the ray/mcclintock location , but i 'm sure it 's still great . hopefully the landlord is good with them and tott 's thrives here . we 'll come by some time . i just recommended them to some people at church and they ate there today ! great food , nice ambiance , good customer service . the chinese food , however , does cater more to the american taste rather than the chinese , but that 's okay .	474
1	stayed there on intel . everything was very clean , staff was quite friendly , and the breakfast was decent . one oddity was the breakfast policy . instead of just giving guests passes for breakfast , they give a $ 9 coupon . breakfast costs $ 9 + tax . not that a few bucks for tax and tip is a big deal ... but why the complication ? ?	187
0	very disappointed with panera . the apple i got on the side with my salad was so bruised up i did n't want to eat it . i 've been trying to give them a chance since they bought paradise bakery . unfortunately almost every time we order lunch for work there is a problem with the order . the soups are not as good anymore .	1259
0	be aware of this company . do n't get into contract with this company . they do n't have integrity , they lack ethics . bad workmanship the worse i have ever seen . they will tell you they are professionals and they know what they are doing but that is far from the truth . the only thing they know is try to collect money . they do n't care how bad the work is or how many times you tell them they have to fix the problem . becareful with this company	2725
0	server refused to change 1 of 10 tvs to an internationally televised soccer game that my colleague wanted to watch because the `` channels were chosen for the day '' . most of the tvs had highlight reels going , talk shows , cnn etc on given it was 3 pm on a tuesday . thanks for nothing !	1400
0	if i could give this place zero stars i would . we showed up and when we asked how long of a wait there would be the lady so there 's no wait time so we purchased 2 hours . once we got in we realized you needed a harness for literally everything well we got in line and literally sat in the same spot in line for an hour . they need to have more than just one location to get harnesses from or they should give it to you when you pay . do n't recommend going until they fix this problem	3677
1	great spa ! very relaxing ! i had an amazing enzyme facial one day and a seaweed body wrap/massage another day . both services were great and the staff was very professional . i highly recommend both services .	2317
0	good food but lacks professionalism . i have been overcharged with different pricing than the menu on multiple occasions and disturbed by the repetition of beeping from a dying smoke detector battery to which the staff report has been on the brink for a while without any offer to resolve . they do have a nice selection of vegan and gluten free options so i continue to go because it is near the discount theatre but dessert offerings are limited for gf . furthermore , you ca n't even find hours of operation on the website !	1402
1	my fiancé and i come to makers & finders whenever we 're in downtown summerlin . service is great , the homie christian was a great server . the coffee is super good and the food is just as good . they also have a lot of vegan and vegetarian options which is always a good thing when done right and the are on point . dinner menu and lunch menu are both fire . try them next time you 're in downtown sunmerlin !	1332
1	finally , a landscaping company that can handle communicating electronically ! ryan not only answered my email inquiry , but he actually arrived for an appointment , listened , and provided me with an estimate quickly . his landscaping advice was solid as well , and his work crew was both personable and knowledgeable . 100 % satisfied .	2091
1	the layout of the place is beautiful , the atmosphere is calm , perfect for studying on campus . in the mornings the pine is too long , but in the evening there is almost no line .	3703
0	i really like some of the teachers and classes but the professionalism leaves something to be desired . it really sucks to walk all the way to the studio and the class is cancelled , with no notice on the door and no email sent . it would take 5 minutes to send an email to everyone registered as a student and yet no one thought to do that . i will use the rest of my pass but not sure that i would repurchase based on tonight 's experience .	1251
0	kryshia r. you are spot on regarding michael lucchesi.he is a piece of work and i do not trust this guy.michael , you are getting really bad reviews ... ... .try being nice to people .	968
0	this review is for pick up only . what 's going on here ? this local chain seems to be spreading themselves thin . i 've been to their other location on the eastside and found their pizza to be just okay.. but damn those garlic knots were tough as rhymes with ( hockey ) puck.. pretty sure they were old . to top it all off , according to the girlfriend , they were rude up front and too preoccupied with their cellphones to give a damn . eh , it 's all good though cause we need establishments such as these to remind us of good food and service when we see it .	192
0	the appearance and choice are decent , liked the interior design too . food was , however , unexpectedly below average . it taste like something you would order from a chinese food court with a premium price . the staffs ' mannerism was poor , not smiley and also were kinda ignorant . the place seems notable for social gathering of seniors or above middle aged people .	1173
0	usually a favorite of mine . this time it went from bad to worse . ordered the fajitas . came out semi warm and the tortillas were cold . asked for some warm ones and they took so long the meat was cold . my girlfriends plate was the wrong meal and then they had the check completely wrong . probably will not be coming back . so long and adios .	1094
1	i 've been back a couple times since my original review ... this place has a great brunch . bloody mary and mimosa bar and live music . love it . the guy they had playing guitar today was really good and while we waited a long time for our food , the music and drinks kept us entertained . my husband got the steak and eggs but my mom and i went for sandwiches . she had a blt and i had a grilled cheese . my sandwich was delicious- lots of arugala and tomato kept it fresh and not overly heavy ... and it was served w perfect french fries : -*	1253
0	worst service & experience ever ... most of the employees are rude and think they are better then the customers that keep this place running ! ! i 'll be honest i used to like this place but went there recently & sooo many of the employees & the staff in general really give off this over stretched authoritative attitude . it 's the drive in , there 's going to be lots of people , you 're in the service industry , be nice & accommodating to your customers not rude & bad mannered , geez if you do n't like your job then get another one ...	1634
1	i went to this store today & they were amazing ! they were able to help me upgrade my phones and also fix issues with my plan . definitely the best service i have received from sprint by far ! i would highly recommend visiting this location .	3149
1	this place is great ... you feel very welcomed and the instructors are very kind and choose recipes that are accessible to any cook at any level . i had a blast and the brunch class recipes were amazing .	2612
1	simply put , best hard tacos i 've ever had . mexican food is my favorite and nothing compares to what this place has to offer . grew up in san diego eating mexican every day . add sour cream or guacamole for the best taste .	322
1	really great place to come for a meal out with the girls . the decor is very pretty . i had the kale appy and lobster ravioli.. both delicious . everyone meals were amazing . will be back for sure .	1204
1	my husband and i are downsizing and this place is perfect for us ! there are tons of amenities and the grounds are super nice . we 've been working with rachael who has been amazing , helpful and accommodating . we 're excited to move in !	2609
0	i looked through a few websites before this place had many that caught my attn . i ordered . the first arrangement which looked thrown together and looked nothing like the picture . the colors were even different . i called and complained . they kindly said they would send another . they did . the second was almost worse . the flowers were wilted , it was once again put together poorly to where it was falling apart . shame on them . these flowers were a bday gift an attempt to put back together a lost relationship with my mother , i was totally embarrassed and hate i ever ordered from them	38
1	this is one of the most awesome barbershops i 've visited around the states . my barber , mr. 20 bucks , was so fun , talkative , and did an awesome job ! i 've found my barber for life whenever coming back to las vegas . he used to work for art of shaving for 10 years , but then wanted to open his own place . i 'll be an returning customer : )	3469
0	beware of joining this club if you ever hope to get your refundable deposit back . hundreds of former members have been on the waiting list for years , and no one 's seen their refundable deposit . club representative ( if you can get one to respond ) says they do n't need to pay back deposits for 30 years but provides no documentation .	2700
0	dirty dirty ! we sat down to eat our lunch and the windows are filled with flys , all dead and looking like they 've been there awhile . absolutely not something that should be seen in a restaurant . the place looks tired and run down anyway but the fly 's are unacceptable .	1461
1	great place to unwind after a sporting event . we 've had several of the appetizers and cocktails . all served by a courteous staff . the bowling alley is awesome . cleveland needed this place . great windows to people watch . will go back whenever we can	742
0	i would n't really recommend this urgent care to someone who needs to get an x-ray . i had taken my 5 year old daughter in to get a chest x-ray to see if he had bronchitis or nimona . and lone behold when i gave our primary doctor the x-ray cd it was not my daughter nor same sex as my daughter . they had given us the wrong medical records .	2580
1	i guess it 's kinda fusion restaurant . we had some dim sum here and actually they did n't taste like the normal flavours .	113
0	i did n't really enjoy it , actually . it was my first time and they were basically giving me that look like why did i even show up if i did n't know what i was doing . um , is n't that why you go to new restaurants ? he did explain to me what they had and things of that nature but it just was very uncomfortable . the sandwich was n't as i expected .	1340
1	i love what they 've done to the place.. pretty impressive ! excellent customer service and good food . the variety is great .	1302
1	as a new rider , i have to say how great the help was at gp bikes . they hooked me up with everything i needed , taking the time to size me properly . i could n't be more happy with the service or my new gear !	2635
0	go here 2 or 4 times a month . the food is good but lately the beer is never cold . lots of new places in gilbert with cold beer & good food . moving to cold beer .	428
1	surprised by the experience of the other reviewer . i 've been dealing with ace for years and have found them to be professional , trustworthy , knowledgeable , and very fair . i 'd strongly recommend ace for any home appliance repair . they have fixed my dryer , washer , dishwasher , and fridge in a couple of properties . fridge went bad at a rental on saturday and they were out there monday ( today ) and got it working . i wo n't take my business anywhere else .	395
0	their bagels are good as well as their coffee . my only gripe is that i 've been here twice and both times they burned the bagel toasting it and gave it to me burnt . who the heck eats burnt bagels ? what employee would think someone would eat it burnt and still serve it . both times i got it to go so i had to come back both times to get it fixed . needless to say i will never return to this einsteins .	477
1	shine shine shine this hand car wash is really good i came in dusty and left shining like a star . stop in if u need a wash	2359
0	awful . they could n't figure out what was wrong was wrong so they just left . i called several times and never heard back from them . found another service company with no issues . summary : incompetent and poor customer service .	2776
1	friendly nice and if you ask to fix something she is sooo nice about it . wants to make sure it 's exactly what you want .	1033
0	it was saturday night at 8p and we decided to give this rest restaurant a try as we have driven by it many times . we walked in and it was completely empty ; probably a ominous sign . i ordered some sushi rolls . the rice on the sushi tasted stale ; almost like the sushi you purchase at a grocery store which has been sitting there for a few days . food was completely bland and very disappointing .	985
0	were here yesterday everything is good the food , service.. here today for breakfast again with family . the food dry and cold . service bad . we have to asked for drink and napkins plus we have to wait for 30 min for our food .	3378
1	this place is awesome . i 've used them regularly for over a year and never had anything come back other than how it should , i.e . no holes or stains . their prices are the lowest in the area too . they also have a really convenient ( and free ) service where you can drop off all your clothes after hours . on top of all that the people are really nice . this was a 5 star no brainer ... .	3695
1	been going here for years ! ! ! love it ! love my lilly , she knows exactly what i like and how i like my nails ... the shape is very important to me.. and she is the best ! her hubby vince is also amazing as well ! he knows exactly what to do just like lilly !	1388
1	this review is for lizzy . she is absolutely amazing ! ! ! i 've never had anyone do my eyebrows as well as she has ! ! unfortunately , i moved to dallas a few months ago and i am still trying to find someone that can live up to my expectations like lizzy did ! whenever i come back to visit i always , always make sure that i make time to get my eyebrows done by her !	2300
1	i have been coming to bee nails for years and i love it , i 've went to other nail shops and i always come back here and regret going to another . the pedicures are bomb ! and the price is right . quan and kelly do really good nails . if you have a chance to get a pedi ask for ton he does an awesome job ! ! ! ! i 'll always come back to give them my business .	3260
1	nationschoice offered the lowest rate on bankrate , but after reading several negative reviews i was skeptical . joe garza said he could get my refi done in 30 days and he did it , even after a low appraisal . the entire process was smooth and painless . joe and michael clouatre were extremely efficient , responsive , and professional . i would definitely recommend them to my friends and family .	3551
1	this place is awesome , clean and friendly . lots of options : juices , smoothies , raw oatmeal and acai bowls . the girl behind the counter is passionate about what she does . for $ 7.50 you get a great smoothie to kick start your day ! i am here for vacation and will be back before we go !	3223
1	pretty pricey but well worth it . my husband and i decided we wanted to get away for a night and we chose the renaissance because of the location and the pictures we saw online . we were not dissapointed ! the room was spacious and very clean , would definitely use again !	1656
0	the first time me and my sisters came here we were very disappointed , bad customer service and the workers had a very ugly attitude.. the girls were pretty but the attitude made them ugly i was very excited to come to this store but then after that never went again .	1892
1	great place to have quality fun with friends but the customer service on the phone is horrible all i asked is if my waiver was still valid and it took not long but the lady ( destiny ) was horrible	3173
1	visited last friday after driving by and seeing that they were playing the coyotes game . they have a really nice selection of beers on tap , and prices were n't too bad considering the location . we were n't very hungry so only ordered the spinach dip to share .the dip was good and the chips seemed pretty fresh but were way too salty . high marks for having exactly what we wanted : to watch sports and drink good beer .	211
0	while i like using their self wash station for my dog , i will not take him there to be groomed again . they charged me $ 10 more than i had been quoted on the phone , his nails did n't look trimmed , and they did n't do a great job of brushing him . i will be looking for a more experienced groomer next time he is blowing his coat .	3433
0	wait time on web 2 hours . still waiting after 6 hours . not sure how they tell time . seems like something is amiss with they way they try to represent their quick service .	3131
1	i was hesitant to purchase a haircut groupon after a horrible experience i had over a year ago , but decided to give rometrics a try since they had great reviews . i am so glad i did ! the salon was great , the people were awesome . ann marie did an amazing job on my hair - it was exactly what i wanted and it looks incredible . the shampoo and condition and scalp massage felt great too . ann marie was friendly and easy to chat with . a great experience and i highly recommend ann marie and rometrics !	3686
1	would have given 5 but i did n't like the lighting . we went on national pizza day ! ! great pizza ! great service ! had an awesome lunch . no wait time for table and not a lengthy wait time for our pizza . they have lunch specials you can choose from . will go back again !	1482
1	sales associate told me i only needed mouse not mouse and keyboard . problem was with logitech equipment only six months old i kept losing connection . my tech blamed adapter . geek squad said plug both adapters in for mouse and keyboard to synchronize . waiting to see what happens . so far i have n't lost connection . my wife bought an apple watch from britney and she was so helpful in making the sale . she knew everything about it and made the sale a learning experience .	494
1	the sandwiches are great and i love the firefighter motif . i also love that they donate a portion of their revenue to a charity to help firefighters . they accidentally gave me the wrong take out order once but more than made up for it by giving me 4 free sub coupons when i realized i had the wrong sandwiches . the food is good and i love the vibe i will definitely be back .	1494
1	we 've been to this place and brought friends several times . consistently good no matter what we order . the shrimp and pork cabbage salad was excellent , the pho is always awesome !	784
0	because they took the time to respond , i will give benefit of the doubt . perhaps a bad day ?	2591
1	they where very lenient in allowing bags and kept me accommodated with a couple snacks and beverages free of charge . the seating is n't the most comfortable , but the legroom is above average and the free on-flight movies where also nice , all for a very good price . would definitely fly again	2400
1	i have bought a lot of computers over the last 7-8 years as an insurance agent . i recently bought a computer at another retailer and only had it 2 to 3 months because it was horrible . so i decided to go to best buy to get a better computer . i did . i gladly spent the price because i got what i needed in one computer . this @ asus computer has enough storage , enough memory , everything you need to edit a video , and more .	494
1	i love this starbucks for its convenience . it 's right next to the 95 for my commute to hendertucky and the drive thru is not ever that busy when i go .	2849
0	stopped in during the ice fest . they were very busy . the food was n't really anything to write home about and the service was very sub par . our server lacked personality and seemed like he really did n't want to be there . appetizer of mozzarella sticks came out after our entrees of 2 wraps , grilled salmon and a kids hot dog . the kids hot dog came about 5 minutes after the rest . do n't most kids meals come out first with the appetizer ? would n't suggest it to anyone . i understand there may have been more traffic than normal but nothing made me feel like i wanted to return to eat .	454
0	nice place , but they need more employees ! i can never just walk in and get nails done or get my broke nail fixed or repaired more than half thier tech tables are empty with maybe 6 ladies getting thier service , but can never book an appt . cuz they do n't have time , and can never walk in either . so they need more nail techs to service more clients !	1971
1	the food was good the price was right the staff was great ! maddie our server was wonderful ! she was knowledgeable professional and friendly . we would come back just for the great service .	560
1	we visited the spa yesterday for a treatment and massage . my wife and i enjoyed the massage and foot scrub , we found that the people there were hard to understand and asked at one stage if we wanted a hot stone massage and we thought why not . when we got to the end , they charged us another $ 10 each which had not been explained to us , then the $ 10 each for the tip . may come back again but just letting everyone know this is what they do .	2399
0	went in and was ignored . stood by register for 5 min with no one asking me if i needed anything . waited a while longer and finally gave up and went to great clips where they were happy to have my business .	1030
0	do not use this cleaners , very poor work and overcharged ! !	2704
0	just got called `` boss '' twice , and was told to pull into the second lane . i then proceeded to wait in the drive through for 15 minutes . my food order was never even taken so i decided to go elsewhere .	862
0	i think it is under new management . went there yesterday with my gf and prices went up $ 36 when we use to pay $ 30 for the deep tissue massage . they accommodated us for $ 30 but informed us they will not be using hot stones . $ 6.. no hot stones.. um.. ok.. the lady that massaged me felt like mediocre rubbing . my gf had the same issues , pushing in random areas , we left this place feeling very shocked that we paid for light rubbing .	735
1	the location is great . after a good movie at tiff this restaurant is just across the street from tiff and have a front patio that allows you to watch people in the streets passing by . the options are vast and the food is really good , prices are a bit high for dim sum though .	113
0	good happy hour , ends there . service was slow . my sandwich was all bread . had no taste . waited forever for check .	1458
0	bad service , no connection with the front desk , no room service , no cleaning , no change of sheets , no extra towels . you are there all by yourself , when you call the front desk , they would tell you they have nothing to do with your reservation . then if you try to get in touch with lvs , you get an answering service since it is after hours , and they would get back to you the following day . i would never use again .	921
0	great show but terrible theater unless you are up front . jlo encouraged people to get up and dance so everyone had to stand and the people in front of me taped the whole show so cell phones were allowed and also got in the way . i thought i bought a balcony seat . there is no balcony so everyone is crammed in and even standing i could n't see . she has a great voice and the dancing was fabulous but the flashing lights also made it difficult to see . unlike celine dion 's theater not all seats are great and after paying $ 200 i was frustrated and disappointed not to be able to enjoy it .	1771
0	just had dinner there there service was horrible ... . my garlic bread was burnt asked for a new one and was burnt . waited 15 mins for my server to close my bill out . the guests next to me were having issues with their dinner .	603
1	i 've been going to this tanning salon for over a year.. the service is great and there 's never a long wait time . even after having a membership here for so long , i 'm still wowed by the customer service every time i go in.. especially from jill . she always remembers my name and takes time to make sure i understand all the different beds and packages they offer .	1485
1	it 's the best chinese food , for real . we always get the crispy ginger beef , general tao chicken . i also like the honey garlic ribs and the basil chicken . i like the wonton soup and my partner likes the hot and sour soup , it 's very peppery . if you live in the neighbourhood this will become your go to for chinese .	649
0	this place is not worth your time . they serve subpar quality food and brand it as healthy . their chicken is not real chicken .	1401
0	food : suggest the spinach pizza . $ 7 after 9pm and very yummy - loaded with topping and thin blistered crust service : do you like waiting 40 mins before you get a drink ? how about ordering a bottle of wine , being told 15 mins later it 's not available , being told another 15 mins later that it 's not available , then suggesting a wine that is +++ more expensive ? perhaps you love being told when it is your time to pay that the server forgot autograt but it 's 18 % . order one bottle of prosecco and get the wrong kind ? come to cibo and you can get all this excellent service and more !	102
1	i 'm so happy i found this company . we just had our first cleaning yesterday and signed on for monthly service . the thing that stands out , beyond a great cleaning , is the friendliness of the staff . my husband met the owner and an associate for a quote and was really happy with their attentiveness . i met the other owner for the actual cleaning , and i was happy to invite them into my home . it also feels great to know that the products they 're using are safe and natural . highly recommend !	2038
1	nice new theater . glad there is a bar . please update food selection harkins . seats are great , very comfortable . restrooms are cleanish . staff is ok. not rude , but do n't seem super friendly . it 's close to home so that is a huge plus . parking is crazy . be prepared to park far , the lot is almost always full if you go during high traffic times .	564
1	staples has a great supply of school supplies , office supplies , and even great software . i was surprised to see the array of iphone and ipod accessories too .	3081
0	i waited over 45 minutes for the sushi chef to arrive to ask if he could make some rolls and in the end he never showed up i 'm not one to complain but this has happened multiple time and they normally get my order wrong the sushi station is n't the only problem multiple workers do not know where items are	3909
1	cute cosy small place . known for their grilled cheese , which are yumminess by the way ; ) staff are very friendly . definitely will go back for some fancy grilled cheese !	3658
0	like mike t. 's review 7/4/12 , we live in another state and amex called us with a security alert about a $ 1.75 suspicious pending charge to our account . this suggests that an employee there is using their credit card system to fish for active amex numbers to try any use it for a spending spree before it gets shut down . we will call the company tomorrow and seek legal action if needed .	2150
1	love getting my swole on here over any lvac . the pec machine is always available here	3898
0	if i could give zero i would bery rude customer service daughter wanted a $ 300 wig and this place would barely help or give me what i wanted i told them the color scheme i was looking for they continued to bring me brown instead of the color i wanted and then treated me like crap about asking to try on the color i wanted ! ! ! then owner came over and cussed me out terrible and store looks like a bum hang out ! ! use united instead great selection and helpful workers	1873
0	order was incorrect and the person at the restaurant told me there is not a way for them to refund the amount they will call yelp and i have to call yelp also does n't make sense how i just paid 10 in food and then 10 in delivery fee and i ca n't be refunded because they do n't have an option this is non sense .	459
0	carne asada meat was dog food quality -- simultaneously fatty and tough . the woman who took my order had trouble communicating in english . and they have a no substitutions policy , so you 're stuck paying $ 2 more for an equivalent burrito or eating their nasty pico de gallo .	322
0	service horrible . attante interminable . bouffe pas mangeable ... etc ... genre 45 mins pour avoir notre vin + 30 minutes de plus pour notre poutine sur l'heure du diner quand il n ' y avais que 3 autres clients . le serveure allais cruizer la barmaid deriere le bar et ne fesais pas attention a la salle a manger quand on lui fessais signe .	574
0	this place used to be rock n ' jump and was decently run . new owners changed the name and simply cut their payroll . currently sitting here with 50+ kids jumping and one reluctant staff member that is not paying too much attention . simply , it 's dangerous . the men 's room smells like urine , no soap , and it 's in a desperate need of a cleaning as well .	1095
0	bad experience in this store , staff is more interested in having personal conversations and ignoring customers . after about 10-15 mins of no acknowledgement i asked a clueless salesperson about a product and she was rude and behaved as if she was being put out by my questions . she was a tall , slightly older black woman and clearly hated her job and was of absolutely no help , avoid her if you visit this location . she clearly had minimal knowledge of the cosmetics and gave me contradicting information on products and all of the other staff members were too busy chatting amongst themselves to be bothered .	2574
1	she was super sweet and seriously amazing results ! ! i strongly recommend tamar for teeth whitening . awesome prices and well worth the money .	2909
1	there is outdoor patio furniture and there is all american fine outdoor furnishings . i initially saw the furniture i wanted in an ad . i contacted the store to see if it was in stock and to discuss color options . i was given all the needed information on the phone and arrived at the store to find my pieces ready and waiting for me . i am in sales and often find myself extra critical of customer service but these guys rocked ! thanks for a great experience .	217
0	amazing . stopped here tonight at 6:58 to buy some petunias to finish a planter box . walked to the back and the door was locked the guy working back there said sorry we 're closed . the open sign was on and the front door was wide open . i asked the lady at the register if i could buy a few petunias quickly . she said no we are going to close . good thing fellys is open just down the street . wow just wow .	3612
1	avis is going above and beyond with customer satisfaction . this particular facility is amazing ! easy pick-up and drop-off using the mobile app . did n't interact much with the staff on premise , rating for the experience .	3129
0	awful ! i just spent 14.00 on a polish change with yesina and my nails are a wreck ! ! the bottom coat was a blue tinge which ruined my bubble bath pink color choice . my thumbs were messed up in the shop so she fixed it for me once and now , 10 minutes into leaving shop , my thumbs are ruined again ! do not go here . they are not professional , they are over priced and their work is awful ! i 'm very disappointed and on my way somewhere else to get it fixed .	3450
1	latreece was very nice & quick with my loan . i hate to use these places but they were very efficient & helped me get in & out as quick as possible ! ! definitely use this office because they know what they 're doing !	2007
1	this mall gives you a hometown feeling while providing you upscale shopping experiences . it 's a nice clean place .	2815
0	i 've never been to a place where customer service was horrible . the employees and managers are downright rude . maybe its the location ? but people who work for a livng like to eat too . a customer ordered his food and yes his attire was not the cleanest . but , you can tell he had been working . when his food was ready to be picked up , a female employee asked him , `` dont you know that you need to clean up	1340
1	fast and friendly ! the only thing is that the business is hard to see from the main road .	1084
0	this was my first visit to this coffee house/ restaurant . my friend and i each ordered the tuna sandwich and also the green tea . the sandwich was tasty but not exceptional and came on cuban bread with very few plantain chips on the side . i asked for a few more plantain chips and they said there would be an extra cost . the green tea was good but refills are extra . i 'm spoiled by cafe leone in tivoli that definitely gives refills and generous portions .	1332
0	i was in from out of town and paid $ 150 to get eyelash extensions done . it is now two days later and my left eye is already looking much more sparse then my right and extensions are already falling out . i live in another state so ca n't even go back for them to fix them . not happy with how much i spent on this	2326
1	dr. francyk is great ! he and his staff take the time to listen , explain things with compassion and are always friendly and efficient . i know i 'm in good hands with he and his staff !	236
1	this is by far my favorite target store in the valley . i tend to be a difficult customer in regards to looking for specific sizes , items , and dealing with returns but tonight thomas ( who mentioned he was still in training ) checked me out and he was the most pleasant employee i have ever dealt with . not only did he initiate meaningful conversation , but was virtuous enough to walk my bags after check out to me on my side of the register ... this is something luxury retailers such as nordstrom 's provide , and i would have never expected it and was pleasantly surprised ! thank you thomas !	3259
0	nope . not again . i am a medium height woman with fairly narrow hips . the reason i share this , is because after a three hour flight , my bum was actually bruised . the seats are not actually padded ( if you have to fly them , bring a cushion ) and they are so narrow there is no squirm room . you get into position , buckle up , and stay exactly in place for the flight . and bring your water along . theirs is $ 2 . i get paying extra for food and drinks , but water ?	3127
0	i 'm holding my 1st event in las vegas for single gay men seeking ltr and called this place to see if we could have a t-dance there for 50+ gay men . after several emails & calls to contact jeff ( manager i think ) , it 's like they could n't even be bothered with finding out what i was calling for ? so i took my business elsewhere and i would suggest that anyone in the gay community do the same !	3661
1	a small casino located inside the old imperial palace casino across the street from caesars . good place to gamble .	2976
1	greenland supermarket is slightly more expensive than 168 and sf for some things , but overall it is nicer and has the widest selection . the food court seems like a plus as well	715
1	i love this place ! i actually come here often for work and the place is always clean and the staff is phenomenal ! i highly recommend this place . the children i bring always enjoy it and i have not had any complaints from them . the new owners have definitely turned this place around .	3791
1	not sure why this is listed as closed . it is a smaller version of a full service shoppers but it is n't closed . my cat was diagnosed with diabetes recently and the costs to take care of him have been extraordinary . the pharmacist ( amin i think ) helped us out by determining if we could use a smaller version of insulin bottles which cut the cost down by about $ 60 a mth . but i am writing this review because this pharmacist was kind enough to store our extra insulin in the pharmacy fridge until we could fix ours . thank you ! !	1856
0	happy hour : chicken sautéed , lobster mac/cheese & small pizza ( ny style ) . had two cabernets & a blue moon : : cab was about 4 sips ! bottle of beer.. was not worth $ 50.00 . pizza was so greasy we used a napkin to try to take some off . happy hour prices were not worth the trip .. will not stop by again . better places in vegas for happy hour drinks & food prices	1116
1	omg . the mac and cheese is really good . crunchy on the top and stringy cheese in the middle . great job . love it .	279
1	the dixie pig has hit one of my list of favorite sandwiches in the charlotte area's the sandwich i am talking about is the prime rib french dip ! unbelievable flavor and overall awesome sandwich !	772
1	water heater started leaking today and it was time for a replacement . i was contacted within minutes of requesting a quote and given a time frame for later in the afternoon . friendly tech came by , assessed and provided a firm quote based for replacing the tank and adding in some improvements for future safety . removed the old , replaced with new and was done in about an hour . problem solved and solved promptly with a smile .	2106
0	overpriced and underwhelming . sure , they 're cute and trendy , but from what i hear about their management and the food prep ( cupcakes frozen days ahead of time , yuck ) i 'll not be going back .	3749
1	we 've used simonmed on two different occasions , and both were satisfactory . on this occasion my mother-in-law needed some scans . they were handled quickly with no hassles or problems . we have n't seen the results of the scans yet . if we have to go back because they messed up something i will update this , but otherwise it went fine .	188
0	thought this place would be good but was sadly disappointed . my plaintains were not fresh and tasted like they had been rewarmed in the microwave . they were dry . the food is over priced ! will not be returning back .	1325
0	assholes at this store ! ! walked in and no one acknowledge that i was even there then after waiting in line for 20 min i reach the front to be told i need to sign in so i sign in wait another 20 min and then they tell me they ca n't help me ! ! ! could have asked why i was here in the first place and saved some time but you were to busy doing nothing ! ! ! ! !	1237
1	when you walk into the store it can be intimidating at first , because everything seems so high end and kind of expensive . but the cupcakes are delicious . they have unique flavors that change everyday , so that was pretty cool . overall , the atmosphere is cute and relaxing . the decorations are really beautiful here . there is n't a lot of places to sit though , so that 's the downside if you do n't want it to-go .	3749
1	amazing customer service ! i especially loved the manager monica ! super friendly attitude , great smile , and overall fantastic food ! they spoke english fluently and got my order on 100 % correct the first try ! ! i will definitely be coming back here ! keep up the good work !	857
1	i always use this grocery store as it has everything i need and it has the best sandwiches around . also has a great wine and spirits area with a ton of selections .	1097
0	by far the worst doctor i have ever went.. she was rude , unprofessional , and judgmental . i would never recommend her to anyone .	3243
1	i had to drop off a 78 pound box . the one guy working was n't able to leave the store to help me get it out of my car but he did supply me with a dolly . i 'm tough and i managed to get it into the store . he was happy to repackage it ( did n't make me wait around to do so ) and i was on my way . great service !	3871
1	we decided to go on a week night verse the weekend hoping it would n't be busy but there still a line out of the door when we arrived . the line moved pretty quickly , it didnt seem like we waited for very long . i thought it was going to be a rip off , high priced + low quantity & quality , but i was so wrong ! ! ! it looked like a small amount of icecream when poured , chopped up , and spread out but once it was in the cup and eating it , there was plenty and it was soooo delicious ! ! ! i would definitely go back ! !	3813
1	i am a new patient at this office because jessica gdovin , pa-c , moved here from another office . i have been seeing jessica for my annual exams for the past 3 years . jessica has a wonderful , kind and caring bedside manner . she is knowledgeable and thorough . i feel very comfortable talking to her about any female issues i may have . she is non-judgmental and truly cares . she is truly amazing ! the rest of the staff has also been great ! everyone i have spoken to on phone and in person has been kind and helpful . my thanks to the entire staff for a great first experience !	3059
0	i 'm just not feeling as enthusiastic as others about their product or service . for convenience , i 've tried to come back to them twice now and am not impressed - calling today again to transfer my prescriptions to an out of state compound pharmacy . my bht products as well as a few others do n't have the quality i get at others . twice now my prescriptions were n't ready after three days . left a message for the pharmacist and no return call . i can deal with poor costumer service is the product is good - my main turn-off is the quality of my prescriptions . not good at all .	1372
1	awesome girls night ! we went on a saturday night- i 've never painted before in my life and anthony made it so fun and easy- step by step instructions perfect for the beginner but they also allow you to be creative so that everyone 's paintings have their own look . really great atmosphere , everyone there was friendly and encouraging and all four of us had a great time and bought tickets to go back at the end of class . can not wait to do it again !	3048
1	really tasty local bistro with lots of healthy options ! i got the fall leaves salad as i love roasted butternut squash and beets . my friend got a berry avocado quinoa bowl with chicken added . huge portions , fresh and delicious . we got there at 11:15am on a friday afternoon and 15 minutes later the place was packed . next time i visit , would like to try out one of the grilled cheese sandwiches and some french fries .	1458
1	there is always something fun to do at station square ! i really do like to hangout at station sq . no matter what group of friends you are with you can find something of interest . eclectic spots like this are great to explore . the shops range from pittsburgh merch to high end clothing . you can see concerts at the outdoor stage or intimate shows at the hard rock . whether you like steak , italian , sandwiches or yummy chinese ... station square has a place to go .	3152
1	the best asian grocery store i 've found since moving to champaign . is clean , has good prices , and boasts an impressive selection of the stuff i want . lots of japanese and korean as far as selection goes , which is good because i mainly prepare japanese food at my house and am-ko 's selection was a little less than what i was used to coming from chicago and it 's slew of amazingly impressive stores . green onion carried several items that i 'd been unable to find at the other cu asian stores . could use a better selection of produce , but what they did have was very high quality .	3071
1	good food and service at a reasonable price . location is pretty small , but the food comes fast after ordering . the avocado fries were good but a bit pricey . the tacos were well priced and the quesadilla was really good . good number of vegetarian options as well !	1358
1	it 's been raining crazy in phoenix . while out and around on a saturday evening in the rain i noticed i was over due on replacing my windshield wipers , they seemed shredded . yes i tend to be lazy when it comes to my car . long story short i went to pep boys on bell since it was the closest store . excellent and friendly service ! gene walked up , greeted me and asked what i needed . he found the size and replaced them . appreciated the welcome and service !	959
1	this location is awesome ! i always come here for tire rotations and balances and they have great customer service . the staff is really knowledgable and professional .	3860
0	i would give customer service less than 1 star if possible . work that was to take 4-5 weeks is now going on 5 months . we have heard every excuse in the books from terry about the delays . would not recommend this place to anyone for vintage car work . will add to this later .	1318
0	i will never eat here again ! our waitress , a short medium sized young girl with a pony tail should not be working there at all . i watched her clean a table off and then go back and heard her start fixing drinks for customers immediately ! there was no way she had time to wash her hands . when she brought our food out , it was barely warm . my husband was sick the next day throwing up and diarrhea . she needs to be fired and the health department needs to make a mystery visit and observe !	1212
0	8 months ago i bought patio furniture . both of the chairs have developed rips . a rep came out and promised to replace them . been waiting two months and no new cushions . last week i was told it could take up to eight to get a replacement . they need to ship a full container from china . i guess what you pay for . service is crap .	439
1	my husband and i had lunch here . cute place , like cafe . sushi was fine . tonkatsu was different from japanese one but still good .	985
0	well i would n't really call this place a `` cocktail lounge '' like sayyyy side bar but to me it was more like a very well lit pool hall . even though there was no smoking inside it was hekka smokey in this place . i am guessing this place is 21+ thats why people like it oh and cheap drinks ! ? ! ? ! i 'm not sure but this place kind of reminds me of river city pockets with less pool tables ? ? if this was like the only option available i 'd go if you made me , cuz you cant fool me twice . i 'd rather just sit home and drink myself to sleep .	1567
0	there was no evidence that they take any efforts to clean their instruments between clients . one woman 's cleaning of the pedicure tub was cursory at best . my toenails were filed unevenly and quite crooked . and although i repeatedly asked them not to cut my cuticles back , she did anyway . so badly that she caused me to bleed quite a bit . it took several minutes to get the bleeding to stop . i will not be going back ever .	2128
0	we used them for a few years and they have been good up until recently . we ended up leaving because they mistaken our son 's medical records with another child with the same name . my son ended up extra shots due to the mistake . they need to create a standards of procedure when confirming the identity of their patients . if you decide to go here , please double and triple check that they are using the correct patient records .	1723
0	i was hopeful that this place would be good but i was very disappointed . i got the spring rolls , they were burnt and tasteless . tom kha soup smelled like old feet . the basil beef had no taste and was more like basil vegetables after counting the 4 pieces of beef i got . the drunken noodles were tasteless . i have had better thai at lower rated restaurants . not sure why it gets good ratings , so confused .	1203
1	my father-in-law turned us onto this place . it 's the most authentic ny bagel you will find	325
0	this is the worst property management office ever ! ! ! ! i recommend that you stay as far away from this company as possible .	1578
0	terrible management and awful customer service . we had a dress rehearsal and they had no clue about it . we had to show them our contract so they would let our wedding party do a run through . then they acted like it was our fault they did n't write the date down . they change prices last minute . i would never suggest this venue to anyone !	238
0	worst home warranty service . got a bill saying there ` s a balance forward on the bill from a service call that wasn ` t even covered back in october 2013 was told by melissa one of the customer service person that was our deductible but my wife renew the contract in may 2014 never told or inform that we owe this deductible , received no bill after the first payment . and now we have a past due bill from them . they don ` t even deserve one star . what a waste of money .	3653
0	brought in a used toyota with 7000 miles on it . it had been in a front end collision . brought it in to them to expect the damage before purchase . technician said it was `` practically a new car '' . three weeks later the ac failed . camelback toyota said parts were bent and did n't fit because they were bent . service manager , dexter gunderson , was unwilling to discuss since we did not bring it in there for repair . thoroughly dissatisfied and waiting for the next thing to fail .	307
1	lindsay lipsky and melissa fisher did a great job on my re-fi in san diego . superman service . called oct 12 and got my money nov 22 . we kept it moving and got it done quickly . appreciate everyones effort in making this happen painlessly . would definitely use and recommend their services .	3551
1	this shop definitely deserves a 5 star rating . i 've used the car wash , but this review is mainly for the detail shop . i 've taken my small sedan here for an interior cleaning- the basic clean for $ 19.95 . i could n't believe how nice and clean the car looked ! there was no appointment necessary for this level of service . i then took a full size suv for the same service a week later . $ 24.95 and beautifully cleaned . i would recommend anyone looking for interior vehicle cleaning visit sgt clean and i plan to take my cars here every few weeks for maintenance cleaning	2801
0	dr. sabouri is a great dr. and person . i gave been a patient for glaucoma treatment . i am now looking for a new dr. because wellish management wants to charge me $ 15 , for a copy of my medical records . i cancelled my appointment for july , manager refuses to return my phone calls . dr. wellish , your reputation going down for $ 15 . that 's sad .	2312
1	since my initial review , i 've had this company install 2 more cctv systems for me , along with an electronic card access system by brivo . the very positive initial impression has been consistent ever since .	45
0	miserable rat fucks that made me wait 4 hours to put on new tires . little rotten witch at the counter and a manager devoid of balls . i came here instead of discount to save a few bucks . never again .	2539
0	my husband called and got pricing on installing a new toilet and sink . he scheduled an appointment for friday between 3-5 p.m. friday came and went , no phone call , no plumber , no answer when i called the number multiple times . i kept getting an automated message and did finally leave a voicemail . the owner even talked about his a+ bbb rating to my husband when he made the appointment . not sure what happened , but not a good first impression . i 'll be trying someone else .	1975
1	i use to think this was one of the most boring places to drink ever . after saturday night , my opinion was changed . but only a little tiny tiny bit . random crowd . good drinks ( drinks are strong , and the bartenders pour that long ) .. and well , if you 're so inclined , drugs could very easily be copped here . # dontdoit # drugs nevertheless , if you stay here long ... you 'll feel like hell the next day for sure .	3562
1	tacos al carbon , sliders , steak sandwich , onion rings , fires , salsa , queso . all the yums ! ! !	428
0	i have spent so much money in this store but no more . there is never anyone around to help and yesterday i found the girl at the help desk was borderline obnoxious . i 'm so tired of kids who act like they are doing someone a favor . give the jobs to seniors who understand compassion and how to help someone .	1937
0	not impressed ... i do n't think they could shove any more people in the place ... good luck getting out in an emergency ... wo n't be back	2297
0	service is horrible . the manager andrew did not handle our situation in a satisfactory way and was very unprofessional . you can get a way better experience with more selection of beer at the bier market close by . i would not recommend this place .	3039
1	hands down the best wings in town ! always our go too for wings . we order the hot wings extra crispy and have always been perfectly cooked .	1248
0	they wo n't book new patients for same day appointments . my dog is sick but it 's not necessarily urgent so i asked when i would be able to book an appointment and was told `` new patients book out at least 6 weeks in advance '' so just a heads up this seems like a great vet from other reviews but it 'll be hard to get in their system to know	2009
0	very dirty place , its a local bar that says their food is delicious , but the truth is in the pudding read it about the food inspection reports here : https : //goo.gl/apsjjd would you want to eat here ?	2619
1	cisco and sandra do n't miss a beat . friendly efficient service . delicious food and comfortable atmosphere !	882
1	the service is great . the egg rolls and spring rolls are extremely good . egg rolls are nice and crispy with a good filling and they do n't feel greasy ( also came hot piping hot ! ) the chicken sandwich is amazing and only $ 3.99 . you ca n't go wrong here	673
1	i stopped in a few weeks ago to get an oil change/filters replaced/ etc . they were incredibly fast and fairly priced . i stopped in again after my bumper began dragging . jim fixed it for free within 15 minutes . excellent service , and they remember their customers !	281
1	i had reservations for a certain vehicle and when i arrived , they didnt have it in . they gave me a free up grade and waved the state to state drop fee ! this young man was fantastic and made me a repeat customer for life .	2278
0	i walked up to the counter . both employees saw me then was ignored . stood there for 5 minutes before i was acknowledged.no other customers . very disappointed . the employees could careless . ended up walking out .	1494
0	this is the most ghetto coffee bean , i have ever been to . the workers that were here on 12/13/2016 in the am , were talking about other workers , and how ghetto they were . these workers were so blunt and loud with there views of everyone else , it was n't even funny . this is a school that graduates professionals , yet it hires the lowest of the lowest of society to represent its businesses . nice job unlv .	3238
0	well this is my first time at lenny 's and i had a bacon , mushroom , and cheese burger . the burger was cooked well and tasted so-so . i had a better burger the other day at a greek place . not saying that it 's horrible here , just average . by the way , the sweet potatoe fries i would n't recommend .	1461
1	do n't forget to do your receipt surveys so you can get 10 % off all purchases over $ 50 . and if you make a payment on the same day as a purchase , you get double points ! ! !	2815
0	terrible quality . really over-priced product . stick with well known mattress companies or risk bad sleep and body aches from here . also , totally unrelated to the product itself , i 'm beyond tired of hearing their company 's owner on the radio preaching his ultraconservative political views . i do n't care what your political affiliation is , but i do care about nobody rich people preaching their nonsensical opinions to me . that , in and of itself , is reason enough to avoid this place at all costs ... .on top of an inferior product !	321
1	dave was very nice and cooperative . we were a walk in and first time getting a tattoo . felt very at ease and took his time to explain the process . by reading the other reviews all the negativity is about the owner and his rude behavior . but not dave ! i would def go back to him .	2989
0	applied for a place to stay at this property and never even got a call back during the process . i called 3 times before i just got all my money back and left with no service or help . almost 2 weeks for the process . we had already stayed here and had a perfect lease . it does not matter at this property .	1897
1	showed up with an entire atom hockey team on very short notice . we had one waitress handle the entire group and she did a fantastic job . i love st louis wings , they are just a little different from everyone else . you always get fries and dip with your wing order too . i will say however the wings were a little small and not as good as some other st louis locations .	1230
0	the fact that our drinks were served in little plastic cups was perhaps a good indication that we were n't the first people to walk out mid show ... we came for the second showing on friday night , with charles fleischer as the main comedian , horrible does not even begin to describe the experience , and of the 30 people in the audience for the show , we were n't the only couple that got up and left ! we love harrah 's properties , but this show left much to be desired .	1270
0	terri 's filed bankruptcy after selling peoples furniture and not paying them . one of the new owners , ms. vincent , is terri 's partner . she also worked at the original terri 's and benefited from the monies not paid to consignors . terri ca n't legally work in consignments by court order so the stores are not in her name but she `` consults '' for them . a devious way around the law . do not do business with the same people that stole money and property from your neighbors .	2924
1	i was really happy to see this franchise make it 's way from uptown to mississauga . yay for more bubble tea hangout places in the area ! pros : good hangout place good decor/concept nice servers tasty drinks ( i recommend hokkaido milk tea ) less loud than other bubble tea establishments free popcorn they offer food ( and desserts ) cons : not ideal for large groups wait can be long ( for a table and sometimes slow service ) pricey , even for some of the more average drinks ie . lemon honey tea as of now , definitely not a bad place to grab a drink and catch up with friends here .	344
0	i was told by my roommate that this was a great spot around the corner from our house ... . i was extremely disappointed . never seen so many people on such a short cooking line take 30 minutes to make a scrabble and a waffle with only 1 order for a party of 5 ahead of us ... multi tasking is not this staffs strong point . my biggest issue was the only flavors i could describe was burnt sausage and bacon . i would go into further details but not really into writing a book so i will just end with finding any other option would be the best alternative ... carl 's jr. across the street perhaps .	580
0	we were treated very poorly after buying my daughter 's veil and the owner stuffed it in a small bag which caused it to be creased immediately . when we asked for a hangar she said it would be 10.00 for a hangar . worst bridal experience !	3394
1	went into midas the other day to get new brake pads . i had purchased a groupon and was advised by midas personnel to hold off on redeeming it until they verified that i needed to replace them . it turned out i did need new brake pads and they changed them in a timely manner . very happy with the service i received and will definitely be taking my car to them for other car maintenances .	1895
0	i mentioned i had sensitive skin on our initial appointment but i still got an allergic reaction and she could n't remember what treatment/creams she used ? lesson to self do n't prepay for 2 services when i absolutely did not want to return after the initial .	1426
0	the food was great there 's no doubt but the portions were very small . the service ... they need to work on that . the waitress needs smile more and be more attentive to the customers . 1 cannoli that 's about the size of your index finger costs $ 7 . so not professional ! but there 's a very tiny chance that i might come back	563
0	good food . served pretty quick . the food was served hot . josie did a good job . very attentive to senior citizens .	672
1	wow an amazing place i went to sign up was very confused a gentleman by the name of gio helped me extensively he took the time to explain the different levels and the different types of lotions that i should use for my skin type not only did i get a screaming deal but i became educated i say two thumbs up for edge tanning thank you very much..i will be back	3898
0	until the last few months i would have rated the pet salon 5 stars but their service has really declined . for years i paid for express service ( grooming service between 1 and 1-1/2 hours ) . the last two times i was there it took over 3-1/2 hours and i was still charged for express service . i know at least a couple of their better groomers quit in the last few months and i do n't recognize any of the groomers that are working there now . a neighbor told me the she took her small dog in early in the morning and at 5:30 p.m they had n't finished grooming her . bottom line is that they are extremely slow .	3673
0	totally disappointed even frustrated . i made an appointment in advance at 11 am to get fixed my car , was there before 11 and waited till 3:15 pm . i waited basically four hours and fifteen minutes just for a diagnosis . at the end the tech brock some piece of the catalytic converter so my car was n't fixed at all . and i 'm not local . spend an extra day in the hotel room because of that . i 'm from california	1778
0	no sauna , small , very little amenities that other la fitnesses offer . only reason i deal with going here is because it 's close and my son likes the kids club	1981
0	i just received some of the worst customer service i have ever had at this location 's drive thru . and it was a manager who did it ! i would stay away at any rush hour time as the management does not seem to be up to it or understand decent behavior .	1350
0	the food & service was fair ! the waitress we had was good but the wait time with getting our food was ridiculous	481
0	it 's to bad i only had an option of 1 to 5 stars , because 1star is 5 to many ! bought a living room set on may 10th , they delivered the sofa and loveseat in one week , but said the coffee table , end tables , and lamps would take an additional 3 weeks . today , june 9th , i received a call from ashley , they informed me that the earliest they can deliver the rest of my living room set would be july 1st . i happen to think that 's unfortunate , so i went down to the store and got my money back ! buyer 's beware .	1442
1	dr. fisch and the rest of the staff of gvfp ( ivy , amy , sherice and everyone else that i forgot to mention , sorry ! ) have been truly wonderful . they have been really nice and caring , knowing that ivf is no easy journey , they made me feel comfortable every time . im very happy that my first cycle with them has been successful and am currently 9 weeks pregnant . their dedication to what they do is admirable and coming from the medical field myself , you would know that these people are competent and professional . many thanks to you guys !	2157
0	not going to lie , this place is going downhill since i started coming 3-4 years ago . and it 's probably the most expensive pho place among the other pho places in cleveland area .	784
1	their red velvet cupcakes are amazing ! their buttercream frosting is fantastic and i also like their brownies when they have them . the location could n't be better . i 'd say you could n't find a more romantic date-spot . i wo n't give them 5 stars though , since i have had some dry cupcakes in the past and they seem to always run out of the good stuff ( mostly the red velvet ) on weekends which is the only time i can make it over there .	3749
0	i had my transmission rebuilt and so far i have taken it back 4 times . 2 times i had to have it towed at my expense . the last 5 months they have blamed it on everything you could imagine . each time the keep my truck for 2 weeks and never call when they are done . total nightmare do not get transmission work done by these people . just a lot of hot air .	2605
0	i wish i could give no stars . terrible customer service and way too overpriced . do not go here .	1093
1	great friendly driver . on time and very nice experience during the ride . i like how on top of it they are with technology . if you 're looking for a modern , professional and sleek ride , scottsdale is the way to go . five stars . highly recommend .	52
1	i had a great experience with omni limo service . our driver carlton was amazing . he was very professional . i would recommend this company to friend and family . thank you carlton and omni limo service .	2901
1	very tasty , large portions ! the reviews are accurate . picked up dinner for family to go and all were happy . glad that this is just a few minutes away - we will be back !	779
0	horrible horrible horrible , we got it and got out in less than 3 min the smell is was horrible , to be exact when we enter my car to drive away the car smell like piss cuz our shoes ,	3751
0	i know airport food is typically not that great but not all of it has to be this bad . 360 burrito was some of the worst food i have ever tasted anywhere . i find it hard to believe that this place is still open . first , you pay a fortune to get food that is tasteless at best . the chicken was incredibly dry and devoid of any taste . we got the burrito and the tacos and threw away the majority of it because it was disgusting . please do yourselves a favor and never eat here . einstein bagels is right around the corner and you wo n't end up with terrible food .	623
1	awesome place loved the food & the waiter was very nice & accommodating . i had the sisig lechon kawali , shanghai lumpia & turon it all tasted good . my husband loved the chicken adobo .	658
0	walked into this place , looking for some product advice . when i first walked in , i did n't see anybody at all . kind of looked around for a little bit and all of the sudden , i heard a , `` can i help you ? '' i looked toward the voice and still did n't see anybody until i looked harder and noticed somebody sitting off in the corner , eating some food . he did n't even get up and act interested with what questions i had so i left . definitely wo n't be going there for my business . the shop looked unorganized anyhow .	419
0	started at about a one star ... we did n't get into vegas until after 830 which was the last pick up time so we found our own ride here ... lyft . we spoke with people twice saying that was ok. getting in was horrible and confusing . having fun inside with the cute guys had brought it back up to a four . now we 're trying to use our included ride back and the person is n't responding and the door people are rude as fudge ... to be updated later ... . just downgraded to one because this is freaking ridiculous	5
1	only reason i gave 5 stars is because the staff and bartenders are the best the food tho horrible but ill tell u what if u wan na go somewhere and have a great friday or saturday night this is the place	704
1	already feeling better coming back two times a week . very fast effective and reasonable price .	1587
0	nice salon but colors fade quickly . less than two weeks after spending $ 200+ on my hair , the color was faded back to my natural color . i only use sulfate free products on my hair . i would recommend a different salon for color services ! !	2577
0	why anyone would pay $ 6 for a tiny cup of mediocre ice cream is beyond me . we ordered a small `` sweet cream '' ( vanilla ) with oreos and strawberries . it was $ 5.25 plus tax . the 4 oz . cup had exactly one oreo half , cracked in half , inside the middle of the ice cream , and three soggy berries on top . supremely overpriced , and no good . take your business elsewhere .	3646
0	came here to eat some doughnuts . yelp said their open . the sign says their open 6 am to 3 pm . even posted on their window . came here today at 11:50 am on wednesday and not a single person is here . the store is closed . disappointed . drove 3 miles to come and try these doughnuts .	3322
1	dr schneider is the best doctor i 've ever had . i 'm picky and ask lots of questions but this guy is the best . i 've told him he 's forbidden from retiring because i 've never had a doctor i 've liked this much !	236
1	notice to women ... .you can take your vehicle here and not be afraid of being taken advantage of ! the staff is upfront and honest about what needs to be done and what is suggested be done . i highly recommend giving kurt , justin or stephanie a call they are awesome people and really do go the extra mile to make sure you are satisfied ! truly appreciate this place .	3196
0	went here twice . first time was great , staff was friendly and took their time with your food even though it was busy . second time was terrible , customer service was bad and the portions were skimpy , when asking for regular size portion the worker would get annoyed . great location but experience is hit or miss .	214
1	i took my puggy to get his nails trimmed and sharon was so good with him ! she was so loving and caring towards my pup . he usually gets restless but he was so calm with her . i will definitely be back in 2 weeks to keep up with his nails : )	2108
0	the reason i get fake nails with gel polish is so they last ! unfortunately , this was not the case after visiting venetian . my gel polish peeled off after less than a week and i have to get it fixed at the salon i normally go to ( which is ~ $ 15 cheaper and the nails last up to three weeks ) . for presenting themselves as a high-status nail salon , the quality was poor . the nail techs seem to prefer chatting and gossiping with each other instead of focusing on doing a quality job . was expecting much better and will not be back .	43
1	pan asian has great tasting food for a great price . the few times that i have been here both david the owner and his wife chef lisa have always been great host . if you have n't had the pleasure of eating at this great restaurant please stop by to enjoy these great dishes .	1203
1	i like to come here and buy my gel nail polish here . their no bag policy does n't bother me but it 's probably because i already knew prior to going to their store . they have an amazing variety of gel colors ! i always am greeted when i come in and am left alone after i state i do n't need help . i love this store !	1659
0	this dentist is way too busy working on too many patients at one time . he had to put in an extra shot of novocain because the original shot wore off while he was working on other people . the assistant that `` fitted '' the crowns was not competent and took forever making adjustments . the dentist seemed bored with the whole procedure . stay away !	905
1	absolutely amazing ! i definitely recommend for a night out or a dinner date . great atmosphere and 100 % the freshest seafood .	422
1	best service , honesty and expertise in town ! ! ! ! garrett is always accommodating and takes such great care in serving our entire family with their vehicle needs . thank you garrett and the entire staff at happy valley for all you do .	3405
0	if there was an option for zero stars i would give this place that . wish i had read the reviews first ! horrible place ! they did an aweful job on our minivan and when i asked them to ensure they vacuum out the van they tried twice and still missed everything in the third row seats . please do n't waist your time ( there for over an hour ) or money at this place !	3123
1	latte and tarte au citron . nice location . they have patio . patisserie tastes as good as it looks . amazing . their staff is very nice . prices are a bit high i think , comparing to other places .	2327
1	lab corp companies ate horrible to work with . this rating is for the specific location and specific person . they have not responded to numerous inquiries other than email saying we 'll get back to you which they wo n't . have gotten the run around by them pointing me in wrong direction . even someone at this location gave me wrong info . rebecca at this location is amazing . she was able to figure everything out and help me complete the test . if it was n't for her i 'd stop going to lab corp facilities .	2587
0	worse experience i have ever had renting a condo , omg ! ! the security is beyond rude , actually rude does n't do their justice , they are criminals	3718
0	tried the strawberry shaved ice cream . my girlfriend and i ate the flavored bubbles that came with the order but the ice cream itself was really unpleasant . we left the entire dish there . did not try any of the other food . do not recommend .	1301
0	just visiting my sister . this has to be the worse parking conditions i 've ever experienced . got here around 830 pm . drove around for a half hour . ended up parking across the street and crossing 5 lanes of traffic . i would never live here .	1902
0	really nice atmosphere and great people . decent wine . cheeseboard is sparse - a few crackers , a few pepperoni and cheese that tastes like plastic . mouth consistency was plastic and taste was non-existent . need to spend a few nickels more and buy some decent cheese . could n't catch a mouse with that stuff !	2055
1	the . best . coldbrew . wow- i 'm floored . i was shocked at the price- $ 5.75- for a regular ( one size ) cup.. but it 's absolutely worth it . i added 3 splenda , and it was perfection . you can skip the high calorie syrups ! the music is pretty loud in this location , so maybe not the best spot if you 're talking business but great vibes and amazing coffee ! also offer smoothies , teas and sodas if you 're not into coffee .	361
1	i got to adopt the sweetest senior pomeranian from this shelter , she is a blessing and a joy ! thank you ! the staff truly cares about the animals and stayed late to take in a small dog that was in bad shape while i finished my adoption . i will definitely come back , this was the first rescue i 've ever adopted and it was a seamless experience	2689
0	horrible is all i can say about this place . they told me the car will be ready for 2 days but it was never ready then finally i got a call from them 30inutes before they closed and told me that they `` accidentally '' hit my door with another car so now it 's gon na take another 5 days ... which in their world it will probably be at least a week .	1819
1	great smoothie and great customer service . very friendly and they even gave me free samples ! will definitely return .	3223
1	our server , brionna , made us feel welcome right from the start . she made our guacamole right at the table and our glasses were never empty ! we had tacos and carnitas and fajitas and every dish was prepared skillfully and served hot . delicious . everyone agreed we had found a new favorite restaurant . then churros . churros ! so good . it will take a while to let the smiles subside so we can talk again .	398
1	what an amazing store . it is huge , bright and beautifully decorated . nicely located on highway 7 in the plaza across from la fitness . sure to become my new go to starbucks .	2438
0	my dog ended up here after being hit by a car ( i was on vacation and someone was watching my dog for me ) , because it was the closest option . long story short , i felt ripped off . the review by mike w. is very familiar to me . i was misled , and they were performing procedures just to increase the final bill . after 2 weeks in their `` care '' my dogs condition deteriorated and my dog had to be put down . i do not want to relive the experience emotionally so i 'm keeping this short .	1603
0	i found them on restaurant.com . i had a coupon which they agreed to deliver if i tipped the driver well . 1:40 min later i called to make sure they had not forgotten me and was told the driver had already left . 31 min later i was actually leaving to go get something else to eat when the driver finally showed up . what is so frustrating is that they never hinted to me that it might take over 2 hours , and then when i called they lied to me by telling me my food was no longer in the building . i wo n't be ordering from here again .	328
0	wo n't be back ... nor will several others..when we walked in the teenagers that were processing orders were arguing about a wrong order . when we got our order it was cold and seemed really small . i took it back and they said that is how it was supposed to be but offered to heat it . when i got it back i realized it was missing the eggwhite ... .it was a southwest eggwhite bagel . they finally fixed it with no apologies . there were more incorrect orders after us . would suggest more training for attention to detail and most importantly customer service . do not recommend and we wo n't be back to spend almost $ 20 for that experience	3372
0	last 3 times here , extremely understaffed & only 1 concession stand open on an opening movie weekend . memorial day today , rainy and the same thing ! 30 minutes in line is unacceptable ! last time here ever .	3680
1	all 5 stars go to jason in the firearms department , and sue the assistant manager . they were both a delight to be around , and jason kept us entertained throughout the firearm purchasing process . this store is also very clean ! ! this might be the only walmart i can bear to go to .	3825
0	very over priced , food is not great and super small place . if you are planning on going you better expect to wait for a long time if you do n't have a reservation . the waitress is friendly but there is only one so service will be slower then any place you go to . not happy dinning here . will not dine again with $ 150 for 2 people , i could dine on the stripe with better service , less wait time and great food .	285
1	this location has redeemed itself . manager on duty carissa definitely took care of us ! the vibe of the store is completely different during the day time . feels welcoming and has a flow with employees . our sandwich was a complete 180 from the last visit . taste was there , presentation was there and definitely had the usual capriotti 's fullness ! carissa , thank you again to you and your day time staff !	1002
1	i saw dr. kwan for allergies . i have been taking shots since i was about 15 years old . i am a believer in traditional medicine and not until i got pregnant last year did i even really consider alternative medicine . since the effect of my allergy shots on an unborn baby i decided to i would try something else . i met with dr. kwan it took about 3-4 weeks but i saw improvements to the point that i now since the baby has been born no longer need allergy shots . all i can say try it you have nothing to lose it is all natural .	1896
0	absolutely horrible food . service mediocre . have eaten here for years and the food has gone down hill 100 % . manager walked away in the middle of a conversation . no	1094
1	why 5 stars for a grocery store ? tammy the cashier ! ! ! ! i finally found my float for the pool with her help . my husband and i were on vacation last week and tammy was very helpful and nice . they also have a fabulous selection of cheese !	2105
1	ive come here many time following my first review-every time i have gone the food is always wonderful as well as the service . i came in rather underdressed and was still treated with the utmost respect and courtesy , which is usually unapparant in most restaurants in yorkville , so i was very impressed . the fungi pizza and their bellinis are amazing . definitely my favourite italian restaurant in toronto , especially because if the exemplary service which is always provided . albeit , making a reservation on the weekend is very difficult .	833
1	no better place to buy meat in etobicoke . they have a lot of other great gourmet food items in the store too .	36
1	me and my husband tried the walmart grocery pickup at walmart that is new to this area and we absolutely loved it ! such an easy process considering me and my husband work 10 hour days and we can relax instead of spending one of our limited days off grocery shopping at a busy walmart ! the workers who helped pack our stuff in our car were very nice and did a great job ! i would suggest everyone to try this new system out . it 's great ! ! ! we will definitely continue using it .	2913
1	love this place , been going here for years , they have a wonderful vegetarian selection aswell	649
1	danniello is the man ! while picking up the car he patiently walked us step by step . the whole process was seamless . we rented a convertible , which was ready on time . could n't be happier with the service and the car i received for my recent trip . if you 're looking for the location , the booth is located within the d hotel with the cars parked on the 10th floor garage !	2278
0	worst pedicure of my life . tech did n't speak any english . removed my polish with an emery board , then nail file . cut my toe nails unevenly . had to ask more than once to cut 6 nails shorter . did n't trim cuticles . did n't put anything between my toes . awful .	3607
0	very unwelcoming reception . we had made reservations for four adults ... oops , we forgot to include our 8-year-old grandchild , whom they refused to accommodate with one more chair inside..so we were all relegated to outside seating , where it was completely empty , yet were seated in the corner where it was a mere 99 degrees from the blasting overhead heaters . when we expressed our apologies to the owner that we had made a decision to leave , we were told `` we turned away people because of you ! '' rather than we 're sorry or please come back another time . needless to say , my husband 's birthday dinner was celebrated at another italian eatery .	563
1	i really like this place ! very reasonable prices , plus 10 percent off for city of mesa employees . the wait staff are nice , the salsa is good . food came fast . only thing i did n't really like is , it 's rather dark in there and a little stark so that is off putting in my opinion . once i was seated though , i was fine . i highly recommend !	882
0	waited literally 3 hours for my cookies and they still did n't arrive when they kept telling me they would deliver my order next ! ! ! 10/10 would not recommend	181
0	horrible food taste and poor staff . i had a worse experience eating dinner with my friends and family .	640
0	i used to love this place but in the last 6 months its gone down hill quick . the egg rolls are mushy , the ribs taste like they had been sitting around for days , the sweet and sour chicken was greasy , and the won ton soup was tasteless . like i said this place used to be great , i 'll probably try them one for time before i write them off .	1550
0	waited an hour and a half for consult . waited a little over 2 hours for my surgery . surgery resolved 2 out of the 5 issues that i was told would be changed . noticed some inconsistancies in his answers to my questions . always overbooked and in a hurry . i 'm not sure how he keeps business because the patient care level is low . he is experienced in the technical stuff but maybe he has been doing it so long that he just does n't enjoy it anymore or something..i do n't know , just a guess . potential for great ratings if the customer service existed .	2953
0	extremely over priced , go to the spa for this price . not flexible . tried to charge me $ 20 to fix 2 nails and then also $ 20 for polish . asked to do a full charged 30 plus 20 or a full set 40 makes zero sense .	2686
1	first time i went here was for the gold medal hockey game in february . little weird to have a pint of canadian at seven in the morning but go canada go ! owner gave everyone champagne after canada won ! ! service has been good and the wings are awesome every time i have gone since ( once or twice a month ) . lots of tvs all over the place so there is always something on . even though i have moved from the area i still make an effort to go here even though there are other locations closer . come on tuesdays for the 1.5 lbs for 1 lbs deal .	866
0	it 's 12:56pm on a saturday and the dining area is a disaster . almost every table is dirty and the ketchup containers for the dispenser are all empty . no effort seen to do any cleaning while we ate .	1220
1	i love coming to wilson jets when i travel . the staff is always friendly and very caring . walking in the greet you with a sweet hello and how can i help you attitude . they provide very comfortable seating for their guest and even a coffee station equipped with all the essentials . i 've had the privilege of leaving my car in their secured parking lot several times and never had an issue when i return . today melvin is my driver and he 's driving us extremely safe and making sure we arrive at the airport in a timely manor . thank you wilson for your great hospitality !	3865
0	i should have been charged for mani/pedi gel extra & i 'm over the sharing of nail polish while getting my toes done the woman doing mine was sharing the same polish while talking to the guy doing this other woman 's both of us were annoyed . while they were talking vietnamese & laughing she & i were saying we 'd never come back again . i 'm done ! i can do it in the safety of my own home . sally hansen sells a great starter kit you & a friend could do just as good as a job .	1256
1	i 'm a vegas local and i go to revolver all the time and always have fun . they have a great ladies night , fun themed nights and cool giveaways . the dj rocks and always plays great country , mixed with a bit of hip-hop and pop , just to give you a little bit of a break . personally i 've never had a problem with the bartenders . they are always really nice and helpful to me . i 'd rather go to revolver than any bar or club on the strip anyday .	2554
1	arrived around 11pm on a saturday night and the music was good . the dj mostly played merengue , cumbia , salsa , and bachata . the only reason this place is not getting 5 stars is because when i asked for them to play punta and samba , it was only one song mixed with some other song . i did n't like how some songs where mixed with another song in the background . besides that , everything was good . the security guys were nice . the host was nice too and asked if we needed more drinks . seating is first come first serve . if you get there before 12 you 'll find a seat .	849
1	dr maribel was amazing ! my 2 year old had a runny nose and a cough for about 5 months . we were referred to this place and got dr maribel as a dr . it did take about 3 weeks before we could get an appointment . when we met with her she explained that his adenoids were large and the benefits of having them removed . i was very nervous to have my 2 year old go under anesthesia and have surgery . but she and the anesthesiologist were very comforting and explained everything in terms i could understand . the staff , doctor , and recovery nurses were all amazing . my son got great care and is feeling much better now !	737
1	took my mom to eat here a couple weeks ago when she came to visit . it was a really good place to eat . the time i decided to come it was a little busy but everyone is very attentive and very helpful in helping out with the menu . i say that because my mom is a vegetarian and they help this order stuff that she can eat . very good place for breakfast	364
1	so after a little sour incident with my pizza arriving in not such great shape , i got a call from jesses almost immediately after posting a review and they immediately rectified the situation . great food and awesome customer service !	1399
0	come here if your trying to get jipped . bought a replacement 510 battery thread for double the price of the previous one i had and worked 50 % as well as my previous one .	3270
0	the service really sucks . the ice cream is just as bad . a great ice creamery in tremont could do really well but this just does n't cut it .	703
0	there literally is nothing exceptional about this place . no food , ok service , unremarkable beer selection . it 's a little depressing and they only take cash . is what it is .	3416
0	always busy . tight facility . if you need cash back without a $ 3 or more fee just buy a $ 0.01 cent stamp and add your desired cash back .	1913
1	me and my husband love this office . the waiting time has never been more than 15 minutes and the customer service is great . eunise in the reception is very friendly and helpful and has a very positive attitude . dr. ngo is also a great doctor he made us feel very comfortable . i would really recommend going to this western dental on 59th ave and peoria in glendale .	3292
1	my first time trying this food outside of vegas strip . all the way from la to vegas for this food what can i say ? i 'm a picky person when that 's comes to vietnamese food why ? probably because i 'm a vietnamese person as well and know my food ? lol . anyways the food was really good i will defiantly go back here next time i 'm coming back to vegas !	673
1	funny how progress sometimes catches you off guard ! my local fry 's is going through a revamp and now i have no idea where anything is . it 's just momentary inconvenience- i will find my bearings again and appreciate the improvements !	3935
0	truly one of the worst experiences i have ever had at a salon . marissa took my gold/blonde hair and made it purple/gray . i was so embarrassed and furious that even when they offered to have me come back , i would never even consider it . please , if you care about you hair , do not visit this salon ! !	2340
0	we came here on a saturday night . we got served quickly , but then it got busy fast and i think they only had 2 people serving tables . we asked for water and never got it . so needless to say they ignored us . we had to leave our table and chase down the bartender to pay . the place is very loud too . the beer was ok . the margarita was bad . the pretzels were eh . definitely go somewhere else .	1110
0	the screens at this location are almost always filthy and take away from the experience in my opinion , but not as alarming as the bed bugs i know this location has had in the past . of all the harkins i 've been to , this one certainly feels oldest and by far the dirtiest . not to mention bed bugs !	2524
0	everything was over-salty and the mayo on the rice bowls was too rich , overwhelming the rest of the flavors . prices are too high for what you get .	1582
0	went to this place because we were craving a red curry chicken . placed order to go total cost for the dish with no rice was $ 13 . got home thinking container seems small and behold it was and it was lacking chicken and taste what a wast of $ 13 should have gone to babu or tastee across the plaza . never going back to this place over priced and lacking in portions .	331
0	thanks for hooking it up with lots of `` cold '' bacon . overall sanwhich is cold.. cheese is n't even melted . and it was slow in there ... . i usually love einstein's.. but this ... wa wa waa	1214
1	staff extremely helpful and chill . i 'm new to vaping so the fact they took the time to not only help me choose the right vape but also walk me through the setup and basic features and future maintenance was awesome . i did n't feel like they sold me on anything but made educational suggestions to help me buy what i needed . thanks i think his name was nate !	1747
0	we have been to vegas and went for lunch on 5/14/14 . buffet was not good . so we have ordered the items . mutton biryani looks like sambar rice and chicken curry tasted worst . this is not an authentic indian restaurant . dont get disappointed by going there .	600
1	love dr jianu , and i think she is the last dr in the world that has a very small wait time . usually under 10 minutes . she listens to me , and tries to think of things i may have forgotten to ask ! staff is great too !	2840
1	some very good finds here . i 've gotten my girlfriend some good designer items for holidays birthday etc . for pretty low prices . no need for the mall anymore . thanks !	15
0	plenty of power for getting the hard stuff off but the last half dozen times i 've gone here the spotless rinse is anything but . might as well wash your car and then park it next to fountain on windy day . so many spots all over car , especially glass . so go here if you want to polish and wax your car after the wash .	3361
0	i 'm shocked that people mention this library has a good selection . maybe i 'm spoiled in that i was used to burton barr- this library never has anything i 'm looking for ! the kids section is nice though , with an assortment of toys . the programs are limited though , and people fight over the small amount of tickets given for each program .	2089
0	i 'd give it zero stars if i could . i signed up for personal training , and went through 3 trainers in 5 months . when i asked out of my contract cause they could n't employ people to provide the service they sold me , they said they were only able to let me out based on medical issue , or pay out half my contract . they do n't live up to their end and then expect you to pay , so my advice is avoid this place like the plague . do n't sign up with them and do n't sign any contracts with them . avoid personal training mostly cause they 'll bleed you dry	3912
0	we stayed at this hotel because it 's close to our friend 's place in toronto . the hotel is just ok , it 's not really good but it 's not terrible either . the positive is that it 's affordable and they do give you a free breakfast . service is good too . if there was a better quality hotel in this area we would have stayed there but this was it . if you have to stay in this part of toronto you 'll be ok staying at the best western roehampton , otherwise stay downtown in a nicer hotel .	2865
1	just a quick update- saw it again ! they updated the vaudeville acts to be cirque like . it definitely adds . i 've noticed a ton of non-cirque shows adding cirque acts . i also noticed some really good looking guys as well as some who have probably been with the show since the beginning . i went in january on a non-convention night buying tix from tix4tonight . i was nice to the person seating and got upgraded again to kings row .	3069
0	the location is great , but overall the hotel is lacking in all of the important details . the towels are rough and cheap , the bed/pillows were very uncomfortable and the quality of the furnishings is poor . the shower does not have a door so it gets cold very quickly and seriously , no coffee or tea in the room ? even the cheapest hotels have a coffee maker . they serve coffee in the common area , but only until 9am . overall , the whole experience was completely underwhelming .	3859
1	i 've been a member for years ( transfer from old location ) and it 's always been great , including very friendly helpful staff . of special note , they keep it very clean and have a very nice variety of equipment , great place to work out !	1981
1	i had my nails done for my wedding here and megan did a great job ! she is funny and quirky and personable so we got along very well . it felt like we 'd known each other for years . awesome job ! super cute salon too !	3686
0	bleh , i hate chains ... and on the border ballantyne gave me yet another reason not to venture to the nether regions of charlotte . service was incredibly slow , the food was pretty decent , but it took so long to get my bill that any joy felt for my meal was long gone before i left the door . the only reason i darkened the door of on the border was a sorority function , the staff had advanced notice that there would be ~20 people in our party and they seemed ill prepared/short staffed to handle us .	1558
0	i sigh as a write this ... .we went for food . it was n't very good . it was n't bad , just boring , overpriced , and salty . i suppose the name of the restaurant should 've been an indicator . the pina colada was meh . i wished i was either at a dive mexican restaurant or somewhere like el zocalo . anywhere would 've been better really . it was irritating paying over forty dollars for two people for such a disappointing meal . next time i 'll check yelp first .	1074
0	not sure why this place rates so high with other yelpers . maybe people in vegas are n't exposed to good pho like in ca . the dishes here are mediocre at best .	673
1	this coffee shop is adorable . you are hit with the scent of fresh coffee the moment you walk through the door , and they deliver a delicious cup ! the list of syrups you can add is as long as my arm ( so hard to choose ! ) . they have a great selection of drinks and food , and they feature local creameries for their milk . their commitment to sustainability comes in the discount they offer for bringing your own cup , getting reusable cups if you eat/drink `` here '' versus `` to-go '' , and compostable products .	1070
0	employees are very un professional and not knowing on what they doing . every time , different things by different employees . they want to inflate things to rip off your money .	2659
1	this place is exactly what the name says . it is full of tasty crepes . from sweet to savory . ordered the strawberry and banana sweet crepe and ca n't wait to try a savory one next !	762
1	this is over of my favorite `` fast food '' places . the sweet pork is amazing . the burritos are huge as are the salads . you will never leave here hungry . i also love the selection of lemonades and teas .	1365
1	thank you for coming out and actually fixing our wpv . our home warranty company sent a plumber out to do the same job but strung us along for 3 weeks . after many phone calls to our home warranty company and many excuses by the other plumbing company , the right guys hvc came out and fixed the problem . it took them 3 days not 3 weeks . alec came out and has completed the job ! ! no more waiting ... the job is complete ! this company is amazing and true to its word ! thanks again alec n noni for taking care of us ! we will definitely use your company again !	1644
0	bought an open box tv that did n't work . spoke with grady , a manager , horrible customer service and was a pain to deal with . will stick with amazon from now on .	494
1	i had a great experience with brian today doing a pedi , i had the deluxe one , it was more expensive but the massage was wonderful . they offered water as soon as i was seated , set the massage in the chair up for me . i had a very relaxing hour and my feet feel wonderful .	3425
1	small restaurant . good noodles but can be difficult to get seated/service , especially if they are busy . you can choose how thick you want your noodles and they are hand pulled in the restaurant in front of you . great choice on a cold day when you want something to warm you up !	790
0	i get everyone is a fan but i honestly was n't impressed . all the flavors left me wanting more out of them and i could n't find a flavor i loved . the quality was ok . it was kind of overwhelming with trying so many flavors and the guy helping making me feel like he was rushing me so unfair up and did n't get anything . my husband got a scoop of something that he thought was just ok . i 'll stick to gelatology if i want gelato desy knows what she 's doing and is a gelato master .	3735
1	found my place after 21 years , jessica bartolomeo is by far the color , cut , and style girl i 've ever met . i 'll never go anywhere else .	3178
1	close to dining and you can take a boat shuttle to and from either the baseball or football games . although the sheraton which has a great location is here , i do not recommend this outdated and nasty bed covering hotel .	3152
1	lines have been short , and like always , i find a consistant supply of good quality , everyday household supplies and new merchandise , depending on the season . this particular store is layed out similarly like other targets , and i really appreciate that , as it makes it easier to to get in and out , and on with my day .	2411
1	loved the chicken quesedilla , especially the sauce and salsa it comes with ! but the wait , even if you order a to-go , is just way too much . and when you are running late for a flight .	369
0	16.50 ? for a sonora dog , fries and a steak burrito with large watered down hibiscus tea at a food truck.. what a joke.. meat in the burrito is over cooked and the fries undercooked . the hot dog was decent . the kid taking the orders was not friendly and not helpful . caro , decía comida y antipático , tomador de pedidos inútil . 16.50 para un perro caliente con patatas fritas y una bebida grande de un burrito de carne .	797
1	wow . what a yummy surprise for breakfast - harvest benedict with grits with my buddy denise great way to start this rainy weekend ! the roasted veggies were such a nice surprise and cooked perfectly . glad we asked the hostess to tell us what she likes best !	364
0	went to see toby mac there on sunday . it was a great show , but i wish that it would have been somewhere else . the alliant energy center coliseum needs some work . it 's barely been updated . the acoustics for concerts are absolutely horrible . i love the fact that it is a smaller venue , but the sound is bad . the reverb and the echoing is hard to ignore .	3028
1	this restaurant has amazing food and service i recomnend chicken and vegetables with garlic sauce .	237
0	worst experience ever ! completely unorganized , unfriendly staff and the food was cold and bland ... . extremely disappointing	1276
1	my parents have been buying cars off of donna dunnivan for over a decade and have always been satisfied . i just got my first new car courtesy of donna and i could n't have been more pleased with the transaction ! things went very smoothly and she walked me through the set up even after cochran has closed up the showrooms . she went above and beyond to get me my new vehicle that night and i have nothing but good things to say about the sale . i 'm sure i 'll be back to see her for my next one !	2820
1	had a great experience with buying my car off aman ! he was friendly and his manager ted was extreemly helpful and kasem help calm me when i thoughe up and tam i might not get financing , not only did he get me finacing but he got me 0 % . i just recently went in to get my first service done and the people were so friendly and the general manager c	2137
1	food is very tastey but not intensely seasoned . just right for my wife . they do n't have the expected indian lunch buffet . instead their rice bowl is one of the best deals around , 6 generous portions of entrees with the rice . the chicken tikka masala is our favorite . the dining area is pleasing and the service is always cheerful and accomidating . one of my chandler favorites .	202
1	this is the place for philly cheesesteak in arizona . the food is great and the service is tremendous from a family owned restaurant . better get there early because it gets busy . do n't forget the cheese whiz !	777
1	what a nice place to enjoy a tasty brunch ! nice ambiance and good service on a busy sunday morning . i particularly enjoyed the california crepe with a side of fruit . all the meals that our group of 9 ordered were great ! the ingredients all seemed very fresh . would definitely come back !	364
1	we popped in for a draught before dinner at binkely 's and sat at the bar . service was courteous and helpful . there were several beers to choose from ( familiar and new to me ) and the bartender was helpful with descriptions and samples . plenty of tvs and a stage for live music .	211
1	not the friendliest place , but they get the job done and do it right . so one star off for lack of customer service but i can see myself coming back based on the quality of my eyebrow job .	460
0	terrible place ! gordon was the manager there assured me my vehicle would be repaired completely and in a timely manner , ha ! ! ! ! i got my car back a day and a half later , the mechanic forgot to put a bolt back on and ended up costing me $ 1,200 in new repairs ! when i confronted the manager he dismissed the problem and basically hid from me . i recently found out he got fired for some shady stuff . maybe they should fire everyone there and start fresh .	3379
0	this place sent me to collection even though my insurance & i paid in full on time . not one bill or phone call and i have lived at the same address for 7 years ! ! ! ! ! this caused a huge mess for me and staff did n't even care ... ... .. stay away	2618
1	a bit on the expensive side , 2.02 a gallon vs 1.99 at costco ... .haha but close by , and now that they take american express , it will be a place i come to fill up a bit more often lines were n't too bad , sunday afternoon , about hour before superbowl kickoff	2469
0	i asked the barber to cut my sides short , and leave length on the top . he messed up my lines around my ears , my left ear has a different cut than my right ear . he also cut everything the same length except my bangs , it looks very ridiculous . he cut half of the back of my head , and left the other half with length . extremely dissatisfied that i wasted my time and money here . very poor job , could have gotten a better haircut from walmart . would not recommend this place to anyone ever . luckily my grandma fixed my hair so i look slightly less ridiculous , but do not come here .	1708
0	this company is a straight up scam . the con-artist who called me promised multiple items that would be provided but when the itinerary was sent to me , it was very different from what he quoted . then had the nerve to raise his voice telling me i have to go to the presentation like wtf ? this company is no good ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	1777
1	we looove their pizza and greek salads ( we request romaine ) . they make them from scratch so they 're fresh , not like the pizza franchises where they 're supplies are delivered in bulk . employees there are from italy .	1404
1	they have friendly staff and are very helpful . prices are great ! could work on their gluten free options but i like that they have a separate section !	3107
1	went for a few drinks ... in the evening this time ; ) lol it was really relaxing and fun ... there was a trash can fire ... that was entertaining ... the bartender was sweet and cool.. she kept coming over and hung out throughout the night ... i only stayed till about 930 on a tuesday ... and it was pretty full for a tuesday i 'd say : ) i cant wait to go back for the halloween party : )	792
0	i had a cashier there accuse me of trying to shoplift as i was coming up to the counter .	1733
0	i just did an oil change with these guys , beware of prices . they told me my oil change started at $ 47.99 and i ended up paying $ 59.99 with a labor fee ! ! ! that does n't seem like a lot of money , but hidden fees ! never trust them ! this is extremely upsetting . i do n't mind paying good service , i would have paid $ 59.99 if i knew it would be that . but instead , they overcharged me and made it seem like it was just taxes ! $ 10 in taxes ? i do n't think so . watch out ! ! !	1044
0	thought i would give them another try ... mistake ! waited over 30 minutes when i had an appointment ! the nail tech claimed she had 16 years experience , but did a less then professional job . after the 3rd attempt to get a simple design down i gave up correcting her . polish on my cuticle and under my nail . uggg , hate paying for work that my granddaughter would have done better and she is 9 ! next time it will not be this place !	3410
0	i was very hopeful about this company based on yelp reviews . however , we never had a chance to use them . they came out to give an estimate and it was almost a week before we got one . we also had 3 other companies come out to give an estimate and we had their 's in our hand within 24 hours . we ended up going with one of the other 3 because of their prompt response .	719
1	julie did a wonderful job on my nails today ! i really enjoyed talking with her . i love the color she helped me pick . thank you elegant nails	1099
1	dr. hughes is terrific . she helped us get immediate care for our anorexic child when we could n't get an appointment for months with anyone . she would have been in the hospital before anyone would see us . and when my son 's school refused to let him attend for almost a month due to a chronic cough she wrote them a letter reminding them that they were violating the law - he was n't contagious for heaven 's sake .	1692
0	love pdq but the service sucks ass sometimes . today lizzy opened the window & decided to finish her text message while i 'm staring at her . it was n't that it was unprofessional as much as it was insulting because she was trying to hide it . i felt as if she were trying to insult my intelligence . take the girl out of the window & make her slice potatoes or something lol .	998
1	first time flying on alaska 11/4/17 and i was extremely impressed with everyone ! i think your my new # 1 airline . all of the employees from check in to landing were excellent ! ! ! ! great job alaska !	2400
0	received lousy service when we went there the second time.. and some very surprising and shocking replies and comments..	202
0	if you want to get wasted and dance to some rap then dos is your place ( at least in chandler ) . otherwise keep on walking . i 'm a craft beer/wine bar kind of person . for me it 's : -too loud -filled with smoke -a minimal tap list -mediocre service	704
0	had an appointment at 3:00 and waited 45 minutes with 2 animals . not good at all ! terrible experience , and they never acknowledge the ridiculous wait time . to make things worse i feel like i was overcharged for service that were provided . time to find a new veterinarian . enough is enough . been with hight way too long ( 10 years ) each year is getting worse no need to be treated this way .	846
0	i wanted to order from here tonight so i looked over their menu , tried to order on the site but it was to confusing so i called . someone answered the phone just by saying the name of the place in a rude tone , did n't say `` what can i help you with '' or anything i asked to place an order for delivery he said you need to call my delivery service number and he gave it to me . i called no answer ! so needless to say do n't even bother ordering from this place they 're a mess .	768
0	ever since they took out the self-check out stands this store has gone down hill with respect to service . there are never enough checkers and even with `` three 's a crowd '' called no one shows up for over three minutes ... and when they do they do not take the next person in line . has happened several times . the store has gotten a lot more expensive too . sprouts and walmart are much less expensive and more choices . i used to be a regular customer since i live two blocks away ... ..now i only go there if i forgot something and grit my teeth . always now a painful experience . too bad .	1097
0	i like this place..cute and neighborly . the food was also tasty and the owners/employees were very friendly and helpful . the problem was that the owner/proprietor/manager could n't make a chai latte to save her life . ( they were on the menu , so it 's not like i made a special order ) . it took her a good 20-30 minutes of me standing there for her to track down the ingredients in the cupboards , then concoct the thing . she was very apologetic , but it was still a bit inconvenient and odd considering it was a coffee shop . nevertheless , i 'm certainly willing give it a second chance , especially since i have n't tried the food yet ...	868
1	this is the new siegel suites select and is actually a pretty good place we were the first person to be in the renovated room and everything was very nice that screen tvs and nice air-conditioning this is probably one of the best places for the price	2695
0	i thought the servings were small and pricey . i never even knew this place existed . tough location to find parking for . i would not go back .	1238
0	went in for a pedicure in hopes of getting an ingrown dug out . place is nice and clean , nice staff , but man are they overpriced for what you get . $ 50 buck for a pedicure that took like 20 minutes . she would n't go full on to get my ingrown out . for that price they should cut off my toe if i asked . : -p for twenty dollars less i 've gotten a better pedicure from two other places in town : tiffany nails and j & c nails . next time , i 'll not be so lazy and take the streetcar or subway up town to save some cash and be able to walk without pain .	228
1	i had a good experience at this enterprise location . huge shoutout to loren hernandez , tyler m. , sean and bianca langa . i was in an accident back in march 2016 , and needed a rental car for 6 weeks ! ! they continually followed up with me to make sure everything was going okay . each team member was generally on the same page and they made it a point to keep in touch with the insurance company and body shop . thanks so much for going above and beyond !	2067
1	this little local gem is serving up a nice variety of cakes , cookies , cheesecakes and cakes with cheesecake middles . friendly staff in this quaint sweet spot serving up delicious treats , so battle the parking spots to make your way here . yummy ! ! they have a flavor of the month , the moist chocolate cake with a traditional creamy texture inside two rich chocolate cake slices topped with a chocolate icing drizzled with chocolate ... ... this slice is amazing and big enough to share . higher price point , but delicious ! ! ! !	3611
1	purchased a bedroom set and a sectional . our sales guy , ryan , was the best . we were looking for a canopy bed . none were on the showroom floor . he showed us a set from their catalogue . we usually do n't like purchasing furniture without seeing it first but we liked it so much we bought it and could n't be happier . the delivery went smoothly as well and the furniture was delivered in our allotted time frame . we recommend ashley furniture . great furniture at awesome prices .	1794
0	if i could give negative stars i would ! these people are very nasty , rude , uncivilized scum of the earth . they towed my sons vehicle and he is a marine over seas i got the paperwork they requested and they still will not let me get my sons vehicle back ! trying to charge me almost $ 900.00 and it increases daily ! i can not even start to tell you how horrible these scum bags are ! i am filing several complaints against them with who ever will listen , do not trust them !	2428
0	i can never find any employees around the store when i need help with something . i went in last week to buy a mattress , tv , and sound system . cound n't find anyone to help me with the mattresses so i had to pull it down myself , and i needed help choosing a sound system they had a display for but i could n't find it in the box , so they lost a sale there . its just absurd to have a huge store and have no employees around to help .	2469
0	it took several weeks to receive my order when the parts were shown to be in stock . i emailed and called week after week and was lied to ! every week they said it would ship this week , and it never did . of course they took my $ 500 immediately ! go somewhere else and hopefully the next company will care .	3470
0	this place was just okay to me . we had a party of four and sat at a picnic table inside . our server was decent but halfway through the our time there she appeared to be heavily intoxicated . i was disappointed that they only had one brew on draft . the quesadillas were disgusting , but the mini churros were decent .	704
1	being apart of the unlv pom team we have the amazing opportunity of having tan republic as one of our sponsors ! tan republic 's tropicana location is amazing . this location i believe is the only one that provides the norvell spray tan booth which by the way is a great and efficient spray tanning booth . it is very high tech , clean , easy , and does n't take long at all ! great customer service , a clean booth , and all towels needed are always provided every time i go . tan republic is the place that keeps me tan & glowing all throughout the year , they wo n't let you down	2714
0	they just ca n't seem to get it right..a large coffee with shot of caramel , cream and sugar . for the 5th time this am , i was given black coffee . yuck	2741
1	delicious thin crust pizza . fresh toppings . local beers on tap . killer garlic knots . best pizza in charlotte .	809
1	stopped for breakfast on our way back to salt lake . the waitress , julie , was great ! she was so personable and sincere . she let us know of the specials and we both ordered the chicken fried steals . she said they were a smaller version of the big meal . so glad she did because it was huge . i did n't even finish it all . we got the biscuits and they were huge too ! brought to us at the beginning so we are then with butter and honey while waiting for our food which was there so fast . excellent , fresh , and fast . great choice .	1319
1	this starbucks is one of the newest to date , and boasts a really cool sign that fits right in to downtown in neon . they are still getting their sea legs ... for some reason , it seems that they are not 100 % up to speed as of the first few times i was there . they did n't have croissants once , and another time , they were super unhelpful in describing a drink that i had questions about . and they stumbled around in filling my order today . but it 's bright and new and in every respect , typical . that 's fine .	1996
0	rude service and they did n't put a stopper in my drink even though my drink was being held for me while i ran an errand .	2849
1	i was recommended by my best friend and i had a really good experience ! i got a gel mani/ pedi combo . linda , the manager , was really kind and professional . her husband did my nails and he did a very good job . i will definitely come again !	3497
0	great merchandise but horrible service . two cashiers open on a weekend before christmas ! lines through the store and no one seemed to care . the customer service lady was chatting up everyone who came in but not assisting the cashiers . the manager seemed oblivious and surprised that they were busy . the two cashiers , working were busting their butts ... good job margaret and kenzie	1937
1	our food was excellent . we both got chicken schwarma . i had mine on the saj bread and mom had hers as a pita wrap . both came out quickly and piping hot as well as the fries . everyone was very friendly and service was good .	39
0	on the day that a took my daughter there the weather was bad and they were very slow . we were seated immediately and had our order taken very quickly . we ordered the queso and it was mediocre at best . i can make better queso with rotel and velveeta . our waitress stood at the hostess stand talking to the hostess the entire meal we were her only table so when our drinks ran empty multiple times and stayed empty for 15 minutes i was a little unhappy about that.the fajitas were eh okay and my daughter seemed to enjoy her meal . i will not be returning to eat here again	1094
0	these people are n't even affiliated with summerlin & their service is awful . i had them clean my house twice . both times the cleaning was sub par . the second time they came their vacuum cleaner did n't even a belt because it smelled terrible & left my house smelling like burnt rubber .	2994
0	went to have oil change and wheel alignment , they did balancing instead . the guy who got my info said i did n't tell him about the alignment . i think i know why i went there in the first place , its my word against his -- right ? ? ? ?	2123
0	he did my entire house n left lines . i could see where the carpets meet . i kinda dealt with it cuz im on a time crunch . i asked him for more work . we agreed the next day n i text him if hes gon na come n he replied yes . i texted him later cuz it was getting late n he text hes almost on his way . 2 hours later he was a no show nor did he text that he could n't make it or reschedule . im on a time crunch . not acceptable .	2495
0	unsanitary and gross . the food has good flavors , but there 's a lot of fatty low grade meats and throw away parts that they include in their dishes .	1361
0	the food was fine , but not worth trying again . i got sesame chicken and it was pretty good , but the hunan beef had very little meat and tasted nothing like normal hunan . the dumplings were ok , but the sauce was strange and sweet and they forgot my egg roll . all in all it was not terrible , but it was at best ok .	829
1	i have been going to kim for 13 years ! ! ! she is amazing and treats all of her clients like family ! ! she 's never lets me down and is hands down the best cosmetologist in town .	1420
0	just got back from this show . jenny from the block , has no consideration for the elderly or the short people who bought tickets , just to see someone 's back . i sat behind these two elderly women who just sat there looking at people 's asses . i met a chinese guy who could n't see either . jenny if your elderly parents and friends came to your show to look at backside you 're clueless . i got them to refund my money . remember this , vegas is a place to come and see and hear your talent not someone 's behind . i know a few how walked out on your so called show .	1771
1	pretty cool for a sketchy neighborhood . parking is free a 3 minute walk away . sound is n't the best but we had floor tickets as well as a good time . limited beverage selection .	3868
0	the smart ass mouth and tone on this older caucasian lady at the drive thru tho ! ! ! apparently it 's boy my day to get good service at starbucks ! ! ! smdh	2849
1	great experience shopping online . plenty of communication and support thought the order and delivery process , thank you adam . product arrive in perfect condition and as described . i will be back for more stuff .	978
0	do n't take your car here . they ruined my car ! ! they cut my after market alarm wires ! ! yes they paid for it to get fixed but they cut it ! ! they spilled oil on my seat . did n't pay to fix that . left tools in my trunk ! ! they did n't even need to be in my trunk ! they ruined my key fob ! ! a button was missing and was covered in oil ! ! they replaced that but what the hell is going on here for all this crap to happen ! ! worst of all they did n't fix the problem i brought it in for !	1926
0	i called ahead to make sure that they had the tire i needed and the time to fix it . they 've had my car for five hours now and it 's an hour past closing time . i showed up to pick up my car 10 minutes past closing time , and they had not even started on it . why would you tell someone you have the time to work on your car and just drive an hour and a half to get here if you do n't have the time	3405
0	great clips is the place to go for a rockin ' herman munster look . i 've had better haircuts from students . too long on top mixed with too short on the side really blend well into a bad haircut . one star because only half of their name is a lie .	3281
1	i 've been here twice when flying delta from clt . mainly because you options are limited on this side of the airport . but with that said the uptown is pretty good . the service is really fast if you do n't have much time to eat . we had the chicken fingers , nachos , and the steak sandwich . the nachos and chicken fingers were pretty good , but the steak sandwich was not the best .	1400
0	just cancelled my service since i moving out of state , i asked if i would get a partial refund for the cooler renter since i just paid for it again in november and was told no , we do n't pro-rate . this is ridiculous , the company needs to charge their policy and break up the cooler charge monthly ! ! do n't know how they are still in business with all the 1star ratings ! ! peace out !	2519
0	my strip steak was a $ 48.raw hide waiter was pretty cocky , oh and do n't get the ahi tuna tacos unless you like a thimble size of tuna in a mini- thumb- sized shell . should have stayed with the palm just inside of the mall @ caesars	1538
0	horrible ! horrible service . employees are not friendly and food took forever to make and was disgusting . do n't recommend and will not be back .	580
1	isral totally took care of me and my car . explained the process and made sure my car shined ! worth the $ $ !	3899
1	i have been to so many filipino restaurants and this place is by far the best one in vegas . it 's a little ways from where i live , but i will definitely eat here again . the portions are huge . the have ala carte and also full meal dishes . when you enter the restaurant , you are greeted with that warm filipino hospitality . our waiter , oriens , was very nice and we did n't have to wait long for our food .	658
0	i like using wells fargo bank it self , but this rating is for the customer service i received from maria . she was supposed to get back to me with answers with several different questions i had . not once , did she ever call me . i had to track her down every time . this is not good customer service at all ! i hate when people ca n't do their job !	1533
0	i ordered some sweet potato fries and they did n't give me any siracha mayo sauce and give ketchup	1020
1	donald came out when we had a leak in our turn off valves under kirchen and we were getting ready to sell the house ... .he had it all done with fantastic service and great work ! ! ! we are going to stay with focus for everything and even get their lifetime membership ! ! ! !	1714
0	searched high and low for the red puma enzo running shoe only for this store to have it . 1st time running in them they tore . neither the store or puma is willing to do anything about it . brand new shoes still just torn bc of design flaw and now im out a running shoe , a birthday present , and 70 bux . f this place and puma .	3443
0	this place is a joke ! the front lady who checks you in is so rude she does n't know what she is doing either , she asked me for my i.d . to prove that i was the parent when they have never did that out of all 4 times i 've been here i will not be returning to this urgent care 1 star ! ! ! do n't recommend ! ! !	3116
0	wow . how disappointed am i. i placed a takeout order via grub hub , they said it would be ready at 7:15 . it is now 7:45 and my food is still not ready . i arrived at 7:10 , stood by the bar for 15 minutes before anyone even acknowledged my presence . the owner finally acknowledged me , and proceeded to blame grub hub . he never even apologized . i definitely wo n't be back . jewel of the crown is just as good , and at least they are n't rude .	1497
1	staff is friendly and kind . i went there about two weeks ago to satisfy my family 's never ending cravings . for some reason my card got a security block on it so the transaction wasnt going through . the blonde girl at the desk was very kind and said it was on the house . i appreciate that . she didnt have to do that and she couldve gotten in trouble . i 've gone here other times as well and my little brother got to participate in the lemonade making . good food and kind staff i 've always loved chick fil a : )	572
0	i ended up walking out before even signing in due to the front office discussing loudly what i was in the clinic for followed by the provider talking down about me and my situation loud enough for the patients in rooms and lobby to hear . if i experienced this in 5 minutes imagine the rest of the hipaa violations that occur .	2058
1	how can anyone not drop by here for a drink , named after the guy who started it all ? ok , it was also bc unlike most of other drinking joints at other casinos , this one is a lot easier to get to , without walking through a haze : it 's located right on the casino floor amongst the slot machines and table games . got a cool , rectangular table bar seating . yes , it does feel old and antiquated , but that 's the style ; )	2793
1	great place , this ladies have been in the nail business a long time and it shows .	3793
0	horrible nachos , the chips were so old they felt like cardboard when i chewed on them . pasta was pretty basic too . the food is nothing like the pictures in their menu ( is it ever ? lol ) . even though the older boston pizza at sheppard center was notorious for their rude staff , the staff here were fairly polite . however please do n't eat here , or eat at your own risk . the draught heinken was okay too .	363
1	delicious fresh food . nice clean restaurant . the staff is fantastic . quick service and efficient . it 's nice to get smiles with your order .	1342
0	this place seemed to be a little dirty . the staff was friendly , but i just felt i could n't touch anything around me . the bathroom toilet was also clogged all the way to the brim with something not very nice , that i wo n't mention . it made me feel a little sick . i got my ice cream and left . probably wo n't stop back to this location .	157
1	simply beautiful . glorious galleries filled with top quality artists . the contemporary art gallery is a touch weaker than some of the ones focusing on older art . absolutely loved the furniture and design wing . lucky , lucky pittsburgh .	101
1	i signed up for the active advantage premium membership to save money on race fees and one if the benefit was shoes discount at road runner sports . came here to get gait analysis at first and process was easy . they measure your feet and analyze your running to determine the best running shoes . process did n't take long and levi was very friendly . i normally end up buying running shoes twice a year as i run over 3-400 miles in 6-7 months . vip program here helps save money on shoes . i always check price online from several locations to get the best price but their vip discount gives me the best value so far .	2557
1	went shopping with a friend of mine and it was interesting and the prices were even lower than the typical wal-mart stores for groceries . i really loved the place and the look too . go check them out and stock up on great deals on food for the whole family	1717
0	this hospital was a whole lot better when dr. mcdermott was there . dr. foreman also made the experience for your pet a better one altogether . you 'll find dr. mcdermott now at durango animal hospital and also the big man in charge . he 's awesome ! ! otherwise , at tropicana , dr. nave seems like he 's burnt out from animals all in all , and the one time i dealt with dr. pittman , he did n't make me feel like he knew what he was talking about at all .	3030
0	the advertised price for mani and pedi is $ 30 however they actually charge you $ 45 as they fail to mention that the advertised price does n't include soaking and massage ( i.e . essential components of a manicure/pedicure ) . additionally the so called `` massage '' or 1 minute applying of lotion is far from $ 15 of added value . my manicure also began chipping within two days which makes me seriously question the quality of their products . overall i had a terrible experience and would not recommend this place to anyone .	819
1	huge selection of craft items . as noted by other reviewers , customer service is problematic ( thus a 1 star deduction ) . it is not unusual to have an employee state that they do not have a specific item only to stumble upon it later as you wander around the store . sometimes checkout is speedy , sometimes it is deadly slow . store layout makes sense and parking is easy .	3943
1	we just moved here from south carolina . these guys were fantastic ! they got our car in and out , transferred all our information from south carolina , and updated all our records ! they were just absolutely wonderful !	1592
1	any target with `` underground '' parking is my kind of target . i love how late they are open and even though this place is constantly busy the staff has always been really kind and helpful when i was looking for something . it 's not in the best area of the city but i 've felt safe walking at night to this target to get some shopping done .	1626
1	+4 stars b/c it 's the best highway , -1 star b/c it 's so expensive ! roads are always clean/clear and hardly ever have traffic . i drive to mississauga everyday and this makes the drive super fast ! my dad is such an addict he 'll take it from leslie exit to bayview ( if you live in richmond hill you 'll understand how short that is ! ) we have become such great customers that they send us gas cards lol great highway and with the ridiculous gas prices , it is def worth it !	2336
1	just be polite , these people working there are dealing with over a thousand people yelling at them on the daily , the last thing they want is another customer yelling in their face . all they 're doing is following procedure and the rules.. remember that .	2575
1	as banks go , chase has gone a long way to improve . they now offer overdraft notfication so you can fix it before getting charged . they have the scan your check feature allowing you to deposit checks without actually going to the bank . and most importantly , everyone is very friendly . i am glad i switched back .	3348
1	i love their breakfast . best breakfast deal . the toasts were yummy . i like how they already put aome butter on it so its not all dried out . definitely go back .	3580
0	really not impressed by this spot . i was so exited to try their vegan and organic frozen yogurt options after avoiding fro yo for years as it 's highly processed . i did n't find this frozen yogurt any better than anything else out there , and quality of ingredients was n't evident or made clear to me . i will day that the organic frozen yogurt did note the use of some local fruits which was nice to see . the toppings were nothing special , again what you would find at any typical frozen yogurt shop . though , those vegan toppings were noted . with `` artisan '' in the name i had higher expectations .	3902
0	was in here yesterday and i was at the front of the line and 3 `` vip '' first donors cut in front of me . they just kept coming so i was waiting forever . theres like 6 booths for vital check ups and only 1 person was there wtf . people are nice just so understaffed .	1197
0	stopped by the bar for a drink after dinner ( elsewhere ) on april 19 . initial service was great . a little slow with the bill . got a message from my credit card company stating i had left a 15.00 tip for a 12.95 bill . i did not leave that . i left a message on black and bleu phone and got no response . update : lexie worked with me to credit my card $ 15.00 .	1529
1	j ' y suis allée pour affaires et informations- un accueil incomparable et très très chaleureux . ça été important pour moi surtout en ce temps-ci de l'année . bonne année pour toute l'équipe !	949
0	very unfriendly service ... .got my eyebrows done as well as a brazilian . she hardly spent any time on my eyebrows , they were over in under 30 seconds and she left behind many unwanted hairs . it was something i could have done on my own time with a pair of tweezers , but it would have been a more efficient job . the brazilian was quick and not too painful which was great but the hair started growing back a couple days later so the majority of the hair must have just been ripped as opposed to actually pulled out . wo n't be going back , i 've had a lot better service for a lot cheaper	3098
0	hmmmm well they just `` moved '' around and did n't dance much . the waitresses were slow and the staff was rude . i 've seen better for sure .	2149
1	great food ! must try the open faced pot pie . seriously fantastic and i do n't feel like i ate a gut bomb . and you ca n't argue with 19 canadian beers on tap , all good ! i will definitely come here plenty more .	480
1	in the hood and decided to try this korean resto . busy place at 8:45 on a friday night . service is friendly and prompt . we ordered soon du bu , soon dae , and seafood pancake . food came out pretty quickly and it was all tasty except the soon dae was not as good as other places . it was sliced too thick which makes a difference too . worth a trip back when in the hood ... .	396
0	we bought a kia soul for over $ 31k and were told it had front and rear heated and ventilated seats . there was no window sticker because they had just rolled it off the transporter . we trusted them and we should n't have . the car does n't have this feature , which we were told was about a $ 1300 item . went back a week later and they said they could n't do anything because they had n't intentionally lied to us . they offered us a free oil change . hmmm . they discount those for $ 8.88 with a coupon . does n't sound like a fair offer to me ! how bout you ?	624
0	i do n't want to tank this place because the host could n't seat people properly . we actually never got seated because waited so long . all i can judge this place on was the employees and they were talking crap about the customers , so i 'm sure i wont come back to this location anytime soon unless they actually accept a reservation .	560
1	loved the broth for the pho and the egg rolls were really good as well ! i will be back !	205
0	for convenience sake , sure this place is fine . however , i have a very hard time understanding how sometimes it takes 45 minutes and other times 4 1/2 hours . ( for only a bath ! ) it is not fair to the dogs to sit in a crate and wait for that long . the least they can do is hire another employee to monitor dogs and let them play . i 'm currently in search of a new groomer !	514
1	great selection of high quality knives . anything from pocket carry to culinary , as well as some rare custom pieces.really a great selection . the prices are a little above average , but i am happy to support a local with such a great selection . contrary to other posts , i received excellent customer service . i will be back to this place .	2927
1	so happy to be wearing my favorite necklaces again . raul did a great job repairing two of my multi strand necklaces . my jewelry always look better when i pick them up than when i dropped it off . thanks fast fix ! !	3533
1	this is 1 of my favorite dollar stores . i am able to find many of my craft items , and the store is always clean and organized . the workers are helpful , but there is one sales associate that truly stands out so kind and friendly her name is saralynn . i go there to save a few dollars , but when you are able to still get good customer service also ... its awesome .	963
1	i have never seen the actual restaurant , but i have ordered in from here multiple times . i skipped the pizza and go straight for the complete dinner combos which are pretty decent for the money . the shawarma and doner dinners are by far the best of the lot- not a big fan of the chicken . obviously , all the side dishes have been sitting around all day , but for $ 10/plate delivered , you really ca n't complain . the portions are huge- i look forward to trying the wraps and pizza when i will inevitably order from here again . they also do n't complain or overcharge when you ask for extra sauce/napkins/plates/cutlery .	125
0	first time i took our dog she came home sick . took her back a few times after that she did well . i paid for lessons . that was a waste of money . took her there again , they clipped her nails so short they bled for 2 days . dummy me took her again , last time she went there she was rushed to the doctors because she was attacked by another dog while in her kennel . never again . do not recommend will never go back .	3130
1	walked in . wanted a gardeners hat . the woman i spoke to immediately knew what i was after . perfect fit and shaped exactly how i wanted it . will def come back here when i 'm in scottsdale .	1181
1	i came in to buy some coffees for my coworkers on new years day . i took half of my purchase to the car and proceeded to lock my keys in my car ! thru my process of calling aaa and getting new coffees made for my coworkers colton was the sweetest ! his smile and friendliness was relieving and much appreciated . thank you colton for being a stand out human !	3154
1	simple , clean and well-priced for services provided . friendly staff maximized our discount on a recently refurbished room which , while bare on amenities , was clean and decently appointed . there 's nothing deluxe here , but it 's not priced for that demographic ~ and on the plus side , it 's not shady , sketchy or grimy . while we are n't traveling with our pets , this place is obviously very pet friendly . if your need is a inexpensive and simple , yet clean and safe-feeling place to bed down during a trip , i 've been to many worse than the elyria red roof inn	681
0	if i could go lower , i would . mike is a great and nice guy until you point out something that was done wrong or not done at all . then someone else comes out in him . a while back i paid to have a service done that was not needed . spoke to him on the phone after realizing it was not needed and was hung up on after he got an attitude with me . would n't even make eye contact when i came into get my keys . will be taking all my business for my vehicles back to discount tire . 150 % unprofessional .	2146
0	out of this entire giant store - they only had 1 type of sweat headband . i asked one of the workers why that is - and she said `` they 're not in season right now '' ? ? . then you get to the counter to purchase one item - and the checkout person slowly talks to each person in front of you . there were 2 people in front of me - and it took about 15-20 minutes to check out . this place sucks .	3760
0	found a hair on my order . got an apology but guess it was n't a rare enough occurrence for them to comp the order . too bad , the place showed promise .	1469
1	being one of the oldest stations on the yus line , it is the busiest transfer station in the whole system , very straight forward station with a whole bunch of entrances and exits , the stations run crisscross which makes accessing a transfer point very very easy . this station is also one of the few locations that has a bathroom inside the station . during peak hours though , this location is a mad house , with people running and shoving people out of the way , just to catch a train . make sure that you keep you 're eyes peeled as someone is always running around at all hours of the day .	3864
1	dr. wright is fantastic . her staff and pa take great care of their patients . they are great if you have an urgent problem . they are sympathetic and great at their jobs .	3739
0	my dear cat fritty died last night at medvet columbus . the care he received at nr animal hospital was not good . i will never again bring a pet there .	2770
0	not happy with evening service here . karissa was at the drive thru and we ordered grande mocha frappacino ... waited 16 minutes to get to the window . only 2 people when we got in the drive thru btw . so karissa says venti hot mocha ? ? ? ? ? then i waited another 3 minutes to get right order ... i asked politely why did it take so long ? her response is we had a lot of people because other location , does n't apologize for getting wrong drink nor waiting over 18 minutes for 2 cars in front of me for the evening . not a happy starbucks customer !	3396
0	i ca n't tell you how many time i 've walked in here to get a new pair of rock revivals , but i have n't been asked once if i need help or even a welcome to the store . going to stick with paradise valley buckle for now on .	1017
1	this place is cozy and intimate . amazing beer selection and a satisfying menu . the pub is a bit kitschy in a charming british appeal . everything on the menu is good plus they serve all their beers in appropriate glassware which adds a nice touch . the place is centrally located and easy accessible plus super cosy . perfect for a small group of friends or a quiet date . i ca n't wait to go back and try more beers and items off of the menu ! mmmmmmm !	3344
0	went there on saturday night to get some food to go . on of the worst chinese buffets i 've seen . half of the trays were empty and other half were almost empty . very little selection . the worst pay is the take out prices : $ 10.50 to get a to go box ( should be under 2lb ) and 40 cents for every ounce after , wtf is that ! ! ! so we just went somewhere else that night and did n't dine there at all . bottom line : eat somewhere else .	1575
0	went to the shortest line during lunch hour . it was thias place . got yhe wine chicken wt rice and a fruit salad . the chicken though had lots of gravy was tasteless . not overly impressed bur it was ok	207
1	the delivery guys were personable and professional . in addition , they were fast and efficient . thanks ashley furniture	1794
1	i had to replace the windshield of my minivan . they were awesome and the price was the lowest . thanks again	1052
1	did n't have a purpose to buy anything , but the folks i went with did . overall , the customer service was great . they have a variety of electronics to choose from . they also have price match , which is a plus . floor plan is great since there is a lot of open space . it does n't feel so cluttered .	494
1	pretty new to the area , club is great , i consider it a comparison to muscle beach in california , everyone here is in really good shape , gym is clean and very inviting . staff is knowledgeable , and have great personalities . not too crowded and easy to get too .	3912
1	i have used andy lewis since i moved into my house over 2 years ago . in this time period , i have had some issues . i called andy lewis 4 times and it was always something new to fix . they were always courteous and punctual . thus week i called them for the 5th time . another part . this time tyler replaced the part and comped me ... no charges . now that 's compassionate service . thank you andy lewis . you have my recommendations .	305
0	do not get a hair detox . they have false advertisement and it will not help you pass and no money back guarantee . absolutely bad business and a waste of $ 250 . absolutely dissatisfied and will be letting people know of this .	1617
0	ordered a bouquet , got a cheap one , though cost $ 100 . very bad service . wo n't order anything any more .	2266
1	when i work late nights at work , i 'll drop by harry 's . i 'm unsure of their hours , but i usually reach here around 9:30ish and they are still open . super cheap burgers , with one of the best poutines i 've ever had ! and the poutine is in a huge take out box , it 's enough for 2 or 3 people ! totally worth the money ! cash only . a must try !	652
0	i used to take my kids here because it was clean . the guy who was working in kitchen left the kitchen wearing gloves then stood by the register flirting with two girls in loud voice . touched the register ... stiĺl wearing gloves . then he went back to kitchen to work wearing same gloves . which nade me never want to go back there again .	859
1	nice and clean and only 10 minutes away from the strip and on the same road ... free shuttle service to the strip every 30 minutes . cool lazy river pool . our room was huge with 3 bedrooms , 2 baths , patio overlooking the pool , living room and kitchen .	1057
0	stayed here in room 14308 from 10/15/15-10/20/15 and came home with over 30+ bites . management confirmed presence of bed bugs after they inspected the unit . totally grossed out ! ! i am paranoid that they are now in my house and my skin feels like it is crawling .	1057
1	what a fun way to get your your girlfriends together and have fun ! not really knowing what to expect because this was supposed to be a stripper class it ended up being so much more . the instructor pony was so great and we all had so much fun with her ! i learned so many great moves and it was n't just about the pole . we were on chairs and even did things with fun girly toys ! my friends still talk about it and i have fun memories ! next time i go i 'm bringing my stripper heals because that 's the one thing i forgot to bring with me ! loved this and want to do it again !	3629
1	great customer service at this store , ask for brent n. sad that i had to cancel their service for now , but i 'll definitely return in the future	3748
0	decent coffee for a decent price , somewhat a chill vibe but most of the time it 's hectic and a little 'meh ' . biggest downfall is the wifi ... how can you be a coffee shop and have horrible internet that does n't even give you 0.30mbps down ? ! ? ! do n't plan on bringing your electronics and just hang out with your pals !	3520
0	only one unisex restroom ... . industrial gym lights hanging over the main restaurant . food selection is constantly picked over .	3208
0	dont waste your money . there are 1000 nail shops in a 5-mile radius and this place should be terrified of their competition . i 've gone to holes in the wall that do a better job and are more committed to their customers experience . even with polite requests for pumice on my heels and a decent foot massage , the woman who did my pedicure ( tina ) acted as if i was asking for something astronomical and this was n't her job . i even stopped the massage short and told her not to do me any favors . run dont walk . there is my nail salon across tatum and i hope every person whose intention is to go to ashley reconsiders .	2372
0	the hose fall down on my car scratching my door and they got my info told me will call u they never did , i askthrm 3 times they said will call u , im going to call my attorney	2939
0	i just found out i have n't had a text messaging plan for a week now . i was able to receive imessages but it never occurred to me i was n't getting normal texts . a text plan was n't added when i resigned a 2 year contract . ugh . such a headache .	494
0	i used to like this place but the last time i went i got a toenail fungas within a week of my peticure . i wo n't risk it again .	686
1	great service and good quality food for a decent price . went for lunch and had soup/salad . you get a bottomless bowl of soup and can switch kinds . fast lunch for the working person during the week .	705
0	the owner was completely inconsiderate and rude . i 'm visiting from out of town ( washington dc ) and will not be back . i 'll be sure to tell all of my family and friends in the area to not come to this place . the amount of alcohol pored into drinks is completely inadequate especially considering this place is not in some popping metropolitan .	2553
0	horrible food that has only one thing going for it - a `` view '' if you are into the `` hooters on steroids '' atmosphere . this is a place for men , and i mean it . leave the kids at home , and make sure to come hungry . this place has everything needed for success - controversy !	75
0	i used to use badger bus to get from school in milwaukee to my home in minnesota which would cost me $ 50 one way . this means i was spending $ 100 to go home and back which was pricey as a college student but at the time i found it was worth it for how convenient it was . this year they bumped their prices up to $ 62 one direction with no explanation ! the service they provide is not worth that much by any means and now i will be finding another way home every time .	3132
1	the basil kai dao is my favorite . we 've eaten in and done takeout a few times and the service is always fast . the servers are nice and the food is delicious . the chicken lettuce wraps are also delicious . definitely worth a stop if you 're in the area . wish they did n't use styrofoam takeout containers , but that 's a personal preference .	973
1	i am really happy with this gym . they have every piece of equipment i could want , and enough of everything that i rarely have to wait for anything . the staff had also been very friendly . you ca n't beat the price .	641
1	i 've only been able to make it out to fuku once , but i love this place and recommend it to everyone who mentions wanting a better burger . the staff is accommodating and fun to talk to . the atmosphere is cool , clean and nerdy in a good way . the combination of flavors translates incredibly well . just writing this review makes me want to go back to get my grub on .	964
1	super sweet ladies , very professional , called to let me know if you would take longer . always quality work and quite affordable . i was able to get five pairs of pants wearable again instead of going to goodwill for a very good price	402
1	this is our go-to sushi place in scottsdale , and surprisingly also our go-to ramen place as well . the quality of the food is better than the other chain sushi places in old town , and it has more of a small-business feel . the service can be a little slow when they 're very busy but it 's usually pretty good . for sushi , get the crazy roller coaster roll ! our favorite sunday-night lazy meal is take-out ramen from here .	198
0	after being promised a full refund my account was re-activated again without my knowledge and my account was charged double . after talking with them on the phone for an hour , they agreed to refund one of the four charges . obviously they know they are at fault if they are willing to refund one charge , but are too dishonest and greedy to refund the whole amount . do yourself a favor and go run in traffic with your hair on fire . it will probably be less painful and cost you less .	392
1	starbucks monona previously had a sort of drab smallish interior . since they reopened last week after their remodel , things have changed . gone is the smallish interior , replaced with a mantra of working with the space we have and making it look like a whole new store within a same exterior . to explain it to someone who does n't live here , it looks more like the starbucks in old san juan in terms of interior , maybe on a smaller scale . you have a similar layout of grand seating area in the front , and a similar small walkway leads into a new seating area in the back , replacing the staff room .	1934
1	just got a pedicure here . my technician did take quite a long time , but it was well worth it considering his attention to detail . the salon was extremely clean . there was also a decent selection of pedicures , some on the pricier side . i chose the lemon pedicure ( $ 35 ) and it was very refreshing . i believe the basic pedicure was only $ 25 .	1834
0	wtf is with this place ? ? ! ! theyre never open ! i luv the other location but the one time i was able togo to rainbow location , it smelled like i was in a giant toilet so i walked out . get it together ppl	284
1	looking forward to some neapolitan crust style pizza . fresh made dough , quality ingredients . could of cooked it a bit longer though , the center crust sogged up too quick . by the last slice it was a soggy mess . had it been cooked a little better i 'm sure it would of been awesome . oh and add more beers .	282
0	employees are so rude especially at customer service i would never go to the store again i asked the girl that is short with dark hair and glasses if she could help me and she was on her cell phone she put her hand up at me i would never recommend this store never , and the customer service girl donna was really rude ! the one at spectrum mall has an awesome crew !	2411
0	very dissatisfied with our meal . we got the angry dog , turkey dog , and the euro fries and there was a hair in the turkey dog . even though these hot dogs are topped with tons of meats , veggies , and sauces they still lack taste . the meat topping was over-cooked and chewy , the fries were dry , and everything was overpriced . i 'd much rather just eat a cheap hotdog from home , or even costco .	1566
0	i do n't believe this business even deserves one star ! i would n't go back if you paid me . the guy behind the counter , larry , he 's the owner or the manager of the place , he needs to learn how to treat customers . i have never been treated so rudely . i do n't know what his problem is , he 's nasty to deal with ! i honestly do n't know how he stays in business .	932
0	correct me if i am wrong but is n't the idea of a auto part store is to buy your part and replace it your self . tired of coming to these types of stores and waiting i line for 30 - 40 minutes because half the counter help is installing peoples parts . maybe self checkout would be very helpful here .	2502
0	this place is ridiculous ! ! my daughter was pressured to buy $ 40 in product and i asked them to refund her money . no place does it say they do exchanges only and will not refund your purchase . typical crappy customer service and given the typical line well out manager already left and we ca n't do anything . maybe you should start `` teaching '' how to handle customer service . i looked on the receipt and even pointed to their own policy on the counter . great job paul mitchell hustling a young kid . we will not be back . total bs .	354
0	besides this walmart being ghetto they are inconsistent . they charged about 15/16 dollars more on my oil changed	2141
0	they removed my oil before beginning the price gouge . one of the techs was rifling through my jeep for no apparent reason . the oil is over 200 % the cost of all nearby services . caveat emptor buyer beware ! i was charged 50 dollars . was informed of the price , said nothanks then informed they already drained my oil ! so the manager knocked off 10 dollars so i was only paying 20 dollars more than competitors . do n't come here unless you know this coming in ...	3220
0	no fresh ingredients at all . mushrooms are obviously canned . how someone could rate a burger place high that does n't do cook to order burgers is ridiculous . might as well go to mcdonald 's . fries are terrible too	1461
1	again i enjoyed the service the prices and loved my dodge charger they put me , also treat you as family thanks again are !	3576
1	i 'm a big fan of this particular petco and petco stores in general . their ethical practices outshine their competitors . i also find that their selection in the amphibian and reptile section to be awesome ! they always seem to have my kitty foods and litter and treats on sale too . i recently took my new kitten to see santa at this petco location . santa and his staff were very professional and gentle with my baby . the picture came out great , and part of the cost is donated to animal charity . great place to take your pet !	2822
0	just got one of the worst haircuts of my life from a girl named alex . had to go home and use my own clippers to cut away her terrible job ! terrible ! beware	2169
1	i love bush 's chicken , i am from texas and when i found out they had a location near me , i had to go ! one thing i did not lie was , i pulled up and the server , took someone the order of someone who go there after me . after i mentioned it to him , he got my order correct and the food was hot ! it was so good , reminds me of the bush 's in waco , tx and missouri city ! also , the location is great and they seem to keep it clean !	862
1	there is really no better place in the city to go to get your jeans hemmed , patched , euro-hemmed , etc . many of the better jean shops in the city send your jeans here when you ask them to hem them for you . the prices are quite reasonable considering the quality of the work .	1818
1	nice and cozy place to chill out with your friends on a weekend everning . located right next to concordia university , this bar offers a nice variety of local and imported beers . what i love the most is they often have live jazz performances , it makes the ambiance even better !	3295
0	love this location ! it 's right on the corner of portage crossing next to aladdin 's . it 's always poppin ' here but the baristas are usually pretty good at getting orders out super fast . drinks are correct 80 % of the time , which is a plus if you frequently visited the howe location before switching to portage . service is always fantastic and personable . edited to update** kind of sad how awful this location has become . rude & condescending baristas who tell you you 're not allowed to order water at the window and it must be ordered from the intercom . i will be on the search for a new daily location .	3641
0	worst starwood/westin property in north america . believe me , i 've stayed at a lot of hotels and this place constantly disappoints me . the entire hotel is old.. and it shows both in appearance and smell . the staff never seems very accommodating or understanding . i have platinum status with the starwood loyalty program , but you 'd never know it from the experience and service i receive at this property .	1859
0	food is amazing , but service so bad . my mom and i went and the girl that was at the register had the worst attitude , and had horrible customer service . it 's not that hard doing math . also , someone on line was told to get guacamole , so the girl did and she dropped some on the table , and put it in the customers container ! no gloves , and a health hazard/cross contamination . just horrible in general .	1365
0	when you 're second in line and 30 mins later you 're still second in line then there 's a problem . with the way amazon delivers i could have bought what i wanted online and it 'd be shipped to my house faster than for them to check me out . it took almost 15 mins before a sales associate to even see if i needed help . i still love the store they have great stuff but customer service is pretty much shit . if i wanted to be ignored and wait in line for 30 mins i 'd go to the dmv .	92
1	very good use of mall space . the place features a vast arcade including notable games like alien and ghostbusters , as well as ticket and claw games . the bowling area is a bit smaller than i was expecting but still nice .	919
1	my boyfriend took me here and i am so impressed ! first of all , the waitress did n't write any of our orders down- indicating she was an actual professional . the food was so delicious . the goat cheese chimichanga desert was amazing ! ! finally , there was a live band that made the atmosphere so much better . i highly recommend this restaurant .	190
1	i went here with a friend who was getting her nails done . she talked me into having a pedicure . i reluctantly agreed and it was awesome ! they massaged my legs and everything . while we were there the owner came out and talked to us , her name is kim and she was very friendly . i 'm surprised to say but i would definitely go back and do it again .	2390
1	after driving around looking for mexican food i spotted this little hole in the wall restaurant . this place was great , food was cheap and it probably was one of the best mexican food places i 've had in the valley in a while . definitely worth checking out .	3858
0	2 for 1 drink coupon.. sure , that 's a good deal . but once you 're in there the service is horrible . it would be a good place to chill for a few drinks if we could actually get a couple of drinks ordered and if the staff were actually somewhat friendly .	456
0	very disappointed . first- the 'no sugar added ' vanilla has more carbs than the regular vanilla . wtf ? they were out of strawberries . the kiwi was underripe and the mango overripe . when i went to get a lid- they did n't fit ! like totally the wrong size ! i opened the employee only door to tell apathetic employee about the situation . her response ? `` oh , they must have ordered the wrong size '' fantastic . that does n't help ! she gave me tape so i could get my lackluster yogurt home . that was nice .	1145
0	i would not recommend to anyone not utilizing their mobile order application . even if you 're the only person in line , 10 mobile order drinks will be made in front of you while you wait , at any given time of the day . expect at least a 10-15 minute wait . the staff is very apathetic and rude .	438
0	one of the worst locations of cineplex that i have ever been . rudest employees and the worst customer service . please go to other locations , there are so many others .	884
0	it was edible . but not good . delivery was par , but the pizza was lukewarm and had a chewy texture ( in the tire sense , not the warm cookie sense ) . i 'm not sure how this franchise has managed to explode recently , but they need to focus on food quality more and rapid expansion less . get it right , then go big .	902
0	very interesting experience . the food not so much . i ordered the shrimp and risotto dish , the shrimp was burnt and risotto was bland . the veggies on the side were plain green beans . definitely not worth the price . dave was a friendly waiter .	449
0	first ever visit . perceived quality to be somewhere between mcdonalds and ihop , however - it was pretty much mcdonalds , only it cost more . too much like anywhere else fast food . way too loud with the tv going . for the prices , you need to do more than just be fast food ... having said that , i managed to order without getting a biscuit ( kind of assumed for the price it was included ) , so i will try again to make sure i was this underwhelmed .	1239
0	the wait times are ridiculously long . severely understaffed . went downhill since it was fremont medical . just there waited 3 hours to be called in and another 1 1/2 hours inside . can not say anything bad about staff but 4 1/2 hours there says it all	2517
0	very , very bad . the food was bland and overpriced -- - several orders got mixed up and the food was just tasteless . the employees seemed depressed and overall , i could not wait to get out of there . i will not be back .	484
0	i waited for over 30 minutes to speak with the person who `` designs '' landscapes . this is a service they offer to customers in exchange for buying a $ 250 gift card . i did n't mind the wait as much as the attitude of this employee . very condescending . i will go to a different location unless i have to use this one . this one location has the rock yard so it is unavoidable at times . vista is too far away ...	99
0	not very children friendly considering the lightest ball is an 8 . they sell a lighter ball but i guess they do n't want to spend the money in their own shop to accommodate children . i was also bummed when we stopped by to bowl 2 other nights they forget to tell us league night is every night besides weekends . definitely not happy with this place .	2867
1	my business was in need of a temporary internet connection for approx . 20 users after my last internet service went out of business . my company is located in an industrial side of town that did not have cox or anything in the street at the time . we brought in lv.net internet service for a temporary service until cox brought in their lines down the street . they mounted a dish and other equipment on the building and it worked out very seamlessly . the speed was adequate and the service never went down , as far as i know . for our needs , lv.net worked out great and filled our needs .	3459
1	this property has totally turned around by new manager . i am happy to say it is well managed . beautiful apartments . great pool and other amenities . great location- close to walks , bike trails and hikes at tempe town lake , papago park and the hayden wash. super central location close to the highway . easy access to the whole phoenix metropolitan area . we love living here . no issues .	2904
1	wow , wow , wow . i do n't think i 've met a nicer human being in my life . and so genuine as well . the prices are great and the turnaround time as well . it 's just a lovely bonus that the owner cares to ask you how your week was . the location ca n't be beat either while you 're waiting for the lansdowne bus .	2425
0	bad experience here . i got the works and when i received my vehicle back , the vacuum job looked sub-par and there was some off white spots on the door . brought it up the the attendant , without say a word he used the air hose and sprayed the dust in the door all over my car and face . went and spoke the shawn the car wash manager , he defended the vacuum job saying he did it him self . i understand it wo n't be perfect but i feel they did n't even try . horrible customer service , horrible attitudes and a horrible job cleaning cars .	988
0	i will never go here again . super dingy and old . they have a decent selection of stores , but i 'd drive way out of my way to avoid this mall for a nicer one .	2815
1	huge selection of drinks to choose from . wonderful decor . definitely call in for reservations if coming on a weekend and in a large group .	292
0	they are prompt and professional . driver called and was on time as scheduled . my biggest complaint is the cost . i did not have that much stuff to move and the guy quoted me a charge of $ 338 . i let him know that was a complete ripoff and pointed out the few items i had and was expecting a price of $ 100 tops . he dropped the price to $ 268 . i am desperate as i need to get my house up for sale soon , so i reluctantly agreed to pay . if you decide to use them , expect to be overcharged . i got ta believe there are a lot of cheaper and better options out there .	3663
0	the red hot was very soggy . my bun fell apart . the chicago dog has good flavor , but the wiener was nothing to write home about . overpriced and flies all over .	953
0	swell on camelback has lost a customer ... . me and from now on i will not refer to its location or products every time i refer a patient no record is being kept why waste my breath ? ? it takes two seconds to put in a note ... .. drove 45 mins to find out they would do nothing for me ... .they could n't even find me in the system on my call before i drove and left me on hold till my phone died so i drove anyway do n't i feel special have a swell day	3823
0	have you watched magic mike ? well this is exactly like that , in the sense that there is not enough stripping and way too much dancing . there has to be much more shaking the booty in a thong . there was one guy who shook his booty a lot but he was kinda older ... aka not really eye candy . i guess if you want to go to a male dance show , this will fit your needs , but if you 're looking for something a little more raunchy , skip this show . if a guy paid $ 50ish to see females doing what these guys did , the guys would riot .	2149
1	my favorite bar any day of the week . a lot of interesting people in this bar ! the spicy ranch wings are my favorite and i love the chicken quesadilla , plus dollar beers ! ! ! ! !	2004
1	our dinner was wonderful . tasty ribeye with all the fixings . wonderful visit with bob 's sis and friends .	560
1	this is so much better than what i expected ! mango cup was so yummy and the roasted tea was super g ood as well : )	716
1	as a native westcoaster i 've been shopping at nordstrom for many years . this store is quite nice and i like the section in the men 's department with the more hip clothes like 7 diamonds .	1907
1	i love this location . every time i come in they are always so nice . great prices for the stuff and they give great prices for exchanges your bring in ! i can not say how much i love this store ! the lady with the short hair at the cashier ( i 'm sorry i did n't catch your name ) is always so nice to me ! positive attitude all the time !	3494
1	diamond kitchen was very reasonable and they stand behind their work . i worked with kenny -- he was helpful , friendly , and cheerful -- and worked with us to design to our specific needs . i called kenny to ask how to adjust the lazy susan cabinet , and he directed me to the service department . even though the cabinets were purchased was 4 1/2 years ago , they are coming out to fix my lazy susan cabinet with no charge for the labor . they are doing this even though my now-ex-wife used a low-cost contractor to save a few hundred on the installation ( mistake -- they did not align the upper cabinets the way they should have ) .	1085
1	christine is the awesomest bartender ever ! ! ! we just came for margaritas and street tacos but did n't expect to have so much fun . she rocks ! ! !	704
0	we took a limo ride from the palazzo all the way down the strip to the hard rock only to find out that body english was closed on a friday night . december 19th , 2008 to be exact . wtf why ? ? i 'm so pissed at body english and i do n't think i 'll ever try to come back here again . two thumbs down .	3596
1	good chinese food . a little further from my home than others but i come here when i want to change it up a little . mongolian beef is really good . consistent food each time we 've ordered . we 'd come more often if it was closer , but it 's worth the drive every now and then .	1459
0	this place is so bad . this is not mexican food . i agree with the other poster , the food tastes like it is from a can . i would never eat here again . nice decor but food is awful .	548
0	crap service , ok food . tasted better pub food and got better service . service was n't great but proly cuz management was n't there . never going back .	1569
0	i was a long time customer with ntb until i started going to this location . not helpful and the last time i made an appointment to get my tires rotated and an alignment the `` alignment guy '' was n't there . i was reschedule two more times . drove back for my third scheduled appt and that 's when they let me know my alignment packaged expired . did n't offer me the tire rotation that i had for the lifetime of the tires i bought there . let me leave unhappy and without a care . other shops , like pep boys , have had much better customer service and at least tried to help .	2542
1	dr. martin is wonderful ! her medical assistant and the nurse practitioner at this office are also fantastic . : )	2442
0	the coffee glacee tastes like heavily watered down coffee , milk and high fructose corn syrup , . we also ordered one iced coffee without sugar and got a head lift and eye roll reaction . sorry for taking away your pleasure of pumping syrup into the cup . maybe the service guy was just having a bad morning . we did not try any of the food items . my wife and i really wanted to like tim horton 's , but the coffee was so bad , that we ended up dumping it out . we needed real , caffeinated , strong iced coffee , and we got it at the cafe starbucks .	3422
1	the picture says it all . doctors and nurses serving you a burger and fries . how can you go wrong with that type of a theme restaurant ? surprisingly , the burgers were pretty good . juicy and cooked just right . i ordered a double bypass ( no cheese ) and could not finish it . while i was there i watched someone eat a quadruple bypass . not a pretty sight but memorable . i love the customer service here . the nurses were all very friendly . always willing to pose for pictures and chat .	75
1	this is a great gym , period . no , it 's not the cleanest , but it has super-great equipment -- super-great hammer strength iso equipment ! the cardio machines are varietous and plentiful . their dumbbells go way above 100 . and the people who go there are nice and ( mostly ) courteous . there are all shapes and sizes and ages and varieties of people who go here and so it makes for a nice crowd . i 've never had a problem . oh , and it 's only $ 16 a month -- who can beat that for the hammer strength equipment ?	2063
1	love this place ! best customer service ever ! there do a fantastic job on nails and pedicures ... very relaxing and good prices . ask for anna- she does a great job ! i wo n't go anywhere else !	3462
0	so junky and cluttered ! prices are n't good either ! i walked in and left after a few minutes . i love to shop but the disorganization was a little too much for me . some of the items like the steamers were missing critical pieces and appeared to be used . just skip this place and go to the goodwill a few stores down . next !	692
1	lots of seating space . not crammed . shaved ice is not too sweet , just perfect . order the green tea . the fried chicken is also very good . well equipped staff . fast checkout and check ins	176
0	have too often been disappointed with my dd visits . the service is subpar , had to remake my sandwich twice . coffee always tastes off as well . employees do n't seem to care about the quality of what they are doing . do n't think i 'll be stopping there much anymore .	606
1	carol at great clips did a amazing job i would highly recommend coming back . 5 stars ! !	3232
0	pizza tastes good . but delivery is horrible . pick it up yourself unless you want to wait 1.5 hours to eat .	581
1	called cory a few weeks ago regarding reconditioning a pair of designer leather chairs and repairing a broken strap on both . cory and his team were great and kept me in the loop throughout the process by calling to provide updates and making themselves available if i called with questions . well worth the price to restore my beautiful chairs !	1948
0	i ca n't imagine anyone liking this super bland cardboard ! i just do n't get how anyone could like it ? no taste at all . we got two pizzas . one with pepperoni and one with sausage . both had no flavor and the crust was chewy and lousy . no sauce much and cheap cheese . how a place like this stays in business is beyond me , but only in pittsburgh i guess . if you like pizza worse than what you got at a school , i guess this place could be good in your eyes .	425
1	just like a safeway from my area ! they have a fresh deli , fresh sushi bar , and all the groceries that you need ! the customers seemed very friendly ! they also had a large selection of outdoor furniture , which i guess in arizona makes a lot of sense . the store was also very neat and extremely clean . very impressed altogether !	3107
0	im very disappointed , everytime i hear one of there commercials about people leaving the store pain free after 29 yrs or 30 yrs of pain i say bs i spent $ 1000 on these inserts what a waste of moneyafter about 4 months now my feet hurt as bad as they did the day i went in to the store dont waste your $ $ $ my feet would feel better using the $ 1000 as the cushions	2124
1	dr. rubenzik has been my dermatologist for many years . she is always very knowledgeable , friendly and easy to talk to . dr. rubenzik always has answers and solutions for any of my skin care problems . on my first visit many years ago she found some skin cancer that needed to be treated , i was so glad i had finally found a knowledgeable doctor !	2099
0	this place definitely has bed bugs . these are the bites on my body after the first night staying tat the hotel . the bed bugs followed me home and kept biting me until i spent $ 1700 hiring exterminator to treat my apartment ( more photos attached ) . the hotel manager told me they inspected the room i stayed and there is no bed bugs but they refused to show me their report . there is no way i would trust them .	2973
1	it 's a smaller version . same general selection of stuff , just not all the brands of a larger walmart . you can zip in and grab a gallon of milk and not have to walk a mile . but if you want imitation crab meat , they do n't have it . bummer .	3810
0	nice vibe and atmosphere . do n't bring your in laws here unless they are drunk and/or sleep in dundas square .	1091
1	i had a great manicure and pedicure here . the tech was very nice and personable , and she really took her time with the service . my feet were like silk , and the polish still had n't chipped two weeks later . manicure was also lovely , chipped within a week , but i 'm a mom and my hands take a beating , so that 's to be expected . the salon is small , but to me that 's a positive ? my appt was in the morning , and it was quiet , and very relaxing . i 'd definitely go back ! : )	1268
0	this place is not open i called the number is disconnected and i drove by the place is completely empty	2346
0	today , i planned a relaxing day for my best friend and i . made 2 appointments for facials and we were super excited , as this is my bf first time . came in and was told they could only take one of us . never was i contacted and was told this . i did receive a phone call yesterday to confirm my appointment , but that 's it this was mine and my friend first time trying massage envy . never will i go back . wasted my time , and now it 's too late to book anywhere else . i would n't recommend booking here if you are really looking to relax , because you 'll just leave disappointed .	2252
0	little coxwell . i just found out why they are pho.is richer in color and a little bit thicker but not clear at all . knor swiss now makes pho powder as in instant fall in that great big yellow can tell it 's all base is no natural ingredients in it that 's where i could n't finish it the other day . it 's all chemicals . when i was eating it i could tell . but just to make sure i look in the kitchen and saw a great big can of instant knor swiss pho mix	594
0	food is terrible , beef was boiled with a gelatinous flavor , would not recommend and wo n't go back . i 've tried this restaurant 3 times ordering 3 different dishes- outcome ? fail !	237
1	wow ! fresh made donuts are amazing . skip dunkin and make your way here . you will be glad you did . the apple fritters are some of the best i 've had !	3137
1	dr zoltan rocks , great sense of humor , always explain what 's going on . highly recommend him for any orthopedic problems . thank you dr z ... .	2755
1	starting to look a little shabby in the units . love the lazy river , though .	1057
1	yum ! i have been a fan of the pig since i moved here . started at the location in rock hill . i bring all of my out of town company here and they love it ! the tega cay location seems to have a more extensive menu . you can never go wrong with the pulled pork . check it out !	772
0	portions are horrible.. 12.00 for a fish and shrimp platter ask for no coleslaw extra fries.. no extra ordered a salad only want to give two dressings ... spent almost 30.00 and barely any food	389
0	if i could give this place zero stars , i would . the meat has no flavour , they cover it with so much sauce making it a soppy mess that breaks open after the first few bites . the fries are nasty ( i was desperate ) , the samosa was even worse ( i threw it out after the first bite ) . it used to be good many years ago when they first opened . but it 's been bad for a long time now . and when you say `` no onions '' ... keep an eye on the guy because you 'll have to remind him ... everytime .	775
1	i love this community ! i lived there for 2 years and have no complaints whatsoever ! the only reason why i moved was due to employment relocation to scottsdale and i did not want to have a long commute . i highly recommend this property for any time of family unit and age ! !	2745
0	drove 22 miles ( one way ) to find they decided to close early today . i have had good haircuts here ( ray & 101 location ) ; but i have had meh too . guess it 's a hit or miss with these guys . too bad .	2584
1	although it was a bit difficult to find , once we found it , we were pleasantly pleased . the meal was worth the menu prices and the service was decent . be sure to ask them to validate your parking . the only reason i did n't give 5 stars was due to the broom and mop being stored in plain sight along with a high chair ... .sort of gave the place an ihop feel when it really is n't necessary .	1317
0	staff here is suspect . first , forgot to give us 3d glasses . second i suspect someone at staff stole my phone .	2450
0	salesman inside was great but customer service is terrible delivery is terrible i will never buy from rcwilly again . i spent almost $ 4000 and got treated like a piece of gum on someone 's shoe and paid cash	439
1	recently opened and is delicious ! ! the strawberry banana was my favorite , large portion too ! staff was awesome : )	1073
1	physical therapy is so very helpful , the staff is awesome . the knowledge of the staff is great ...	2896
1	my favorite nail salon by far ! ! ! just moved to the area and decided to give this place a try ! i had amy and she was so so so nice and did a great job on my gel mani and pedi ! ! got an eye brow wax too and it too was great ! they massage your legs with hot stones which was such a relaxing bonus i was n't used to ... and i only got the standard pedicure ! ! very clean and nicely decorated salon and they do not rush ... they focus on you and make you feel special ! i will be back . : ) oh and their prices are great !	838
1	very nice staff , great selection of cigars . only downside ( i do n't typically carry cash ) is to use credit or debit card you have to spend over $ 5 .	3351
1	my wife originally got me started on the whole pedicure thing years ago ( i fought it at first ) . so recently on a business trip to vegas i stopped by today nails as it was only about a block from my hotel . the whole staff seems to be really nice and friendly . may did the work on my pedicure and she really took her time and did an excellent job while carrying on a nice conversation . i would definitely come here again .	2686
1	the bar was fully renovated lately and it looks great . great bar and good food . fairly quiet place with a good crowd , spacious with pool tables at the back . good service and friendly bartenders .	1569
1	updating this review ... . i had an incident with them and their customer service care/response was amazing . they got my issues sorted out and package delivered .	1755
0	just do n't do it . your time is worth more than the savings . trip to vegas and back and the delays were ridiculous .	3127
0	i called here to order a boutineer , and the man on the phone was pushy and seemed like he was in a rush . i mean cmon , i 'm giving you my business and paying you . i ordered my flower and went to pick it up in the next couple days . no one said hello to me or anything ! i had to find my way around and finally saw someone who helped me . it was inexpensive ( $ 7 ) for what i wanted but they gave it to me in a little plastic bag . most places give it to you in a plastic box , but it could have gotten ruined very quickly .	1600
1	great service , reliable , friendly and dependable . my choice for nearly 4 years ! ! i 've used many different shops over the years and all have been ok . i like the fact that my clothing is always ready as promised ! !	2415
0	not very impressed at lunch today . who dresses a salad with sugar water ?	412
0	the food was ok but there is very little in the way of mediterranean dishes on the lunch menu . a couple of salads but no meat dishes . the rest of the lunch items were italian dishes . very strange .	185
0	ummm knife tears and bodily fluids on the pool table ... when my group left ( right after we walked in ) on friday night , there were exactly 46 cockroaches left in the bar to keep each other company ... horrible would be a compliment . at least they ( i mean he ) were showing jim rose circus tricks on the tv . somebody was puking up milk and re drinking it ... i think he was on location at rogue from the night before .	2045
0	horrible , unsafe venue where people go to get drunk instead of listen to music . limit alcohol sales there ! parking is the best thing about this venue .	3868
1	very nice place . amazing view of the city and harbour . walking distance to cn tower , ripley 's aquarium , rogers centre , etc . great accommodations and attention to customer service . the room service even brought my son a chocolate chip cookie platter after our breakfast when they found out it was his birthday . that was a very special and highly appreciated touch . the perfect end to a perfect trip . thank you so much ! i would definitely stay here again next time we are in town .	1859
1	sammy 's is one of my all time favorite places . my parents , who are super picky , loved it too . the appetizers were awesome . the lebni was so tasty , and we liked it so much that we even requested some extra spice blend that comes on the bread to add to other dishes . the salads were top notch : very fresh . the pizza is amazing ! ! ! my favorite is the dorothea ... a sammy 's exclusive speciality . at first , i thought this was just another pizza place , but oh how i was mistaken . i really like eating here even more than the 5 star restaurants at the strip .	1116
1	went here the other night with a friend and service was impeccable ! the pizza did n't come out quite how we had ordered it the first time , but they quickly made us a new one that we could both eat ! simply another amazing sauce location . and shout out to jordan who took our order for checking on us and making sure we were taken care of all night !	1161
1	you 'd be a fool to not stay here or own it . fabulous resort and they 're all over the world . my fam and i love it here . staff is so damn nice . 2 pools . wading river . so so so kid friendly . cafe has all you need and them some . they provide excellent show tickets that are discounted . no drunk loud college kids . this place provides a great get away . clean and clean . did i say a clean resort ! ! !	1057
0	i always use this place for all 5 of my vehicle 's smog check ... ..today i forgot my coupon and my son was on his way ( 1 minute out ) and this prick said $ 19.99 is the best i can do for you ... ..because a car pulled up . i have influenced all of my law enforcement family to go here ... .and now i will definitely spread the word of this 1 pricks selfish $ 4.00 savings . pathetic customer service . it 's the principle about doing good things and you just lost about 37 customers !	3594
0	the meal i had here was 'ok ' at best , used to be tony 's a greasy spoon that made a damn good greasy spoon breakfast for like $ 5 . it seems to be some sort of hipster idiot attempt at a greasy spoon , meaning the food was bland and lower than my expectations and at the end of it i paid through my anus . eggs bene and a glass of oj ran me more than $ 20 with a tip . i have never gone back nor would i .	253
1	upgraded to a express wax , the 2 gentlemen took their time and did a great job . i am coming back	3899
1	i went in this store just to look around for a couple of style that i wanted for my dress , but i ended finding the perfect dress . it was amazing how everything turned out . i told ashley and another young girl ( sorry forgot her name ) exactly what i was looking for as far a style , fit , and budget and they were able to find a perfect dress for me ! i was so happy with the outcome . i also purchased a headband as well as a veil to match . they were amazing ! thanks ladies !	3737
0	save yourself the trouble and go to a different location . waited at least 35 minutes for my order while people that came in after me were leaving with theirs.. then i get home and they gave me a plain cheese pizza . so much for `` hot n ready '' . in the meantime there were employees standing in the back with hands in their pockets taking . 0 stars '	586
0	very small food servings unlike other pho resto . its good for people like elf . very slow service too . we asked for water and the server took 45min to give it to us . ugggh	1151
1	this place is great . usually come here on thursdays . great food , lots of tv 's to watch the games , and the service is on point . never had a bad time here . the only complaint i have is that the tv near the bar tables is stuck on stations fantasy football scores . like c'mon it 's 2017 everyone has a smartphone to check the score . just put another game on this screen for the people in that area , yet management wo n't change it no matter how much us loyal customers complain	3581
0	very incompetent company . been calling over a week and a half . finally got ahold of someone one . was told they would be there within the hour . so i moved my refrigerator out . then got a call 2 hours later for a confirmation . which was the wrong items of pick up . then told , they can not pick it up now based on the owner decision.very horrible customer service and scheduling .	2302
0	look elsewhere for food options . my chicken sandwich was dry , rubbery . i 'm convinced it was microwaved . on the flip side of this , because it was probably microwaved , the service was quick albeit expedited . the quality of beer options definitely surpasses the quantity of options . however , even this is not enough for me to recommend carolina beer co. to a fellow traveler .	219
1	we love jersey mike 's ! ! the italian was not quite the same without the cherry pepper relish , which they were out of nationwide ! but it is still really a great place ! the staff is super nice and friendly and even though there 's a long line they keep up with the orders . hopefully they get that cherry pepper relish thing taken care of soon so that i can have it back on my favorite sandwich !	1289
1	i 'm surprised at the bad reviews about this company as my experience was great . i needed a couple of replacement loop detectors for my outdoor gate . north shore had by far the best prices . they shipped the next day via usps priority mail and i had the detectors 2 days later . i would n't hesitate to use north shore again .	3470
0	empty soulless desert dirt box . this city has everything for sale and not much of actual value . the psychology that went into designing and executing this all consuming money trap is as impressive as it is pernicious . you can do everything under one roof if you like , everything except improve your humanity . if you have a soul or a brain i recommend never visiting this garbage city .	315
1	not sure why all the low ratings . i thought the beef tacos were almost as good as el taurinos on hoover in la . almost ! although on the pricier side . plus i had to wait 10 minutes to get 6 tacos to go . but as long as food is good , i 'm ok with it . my new favorite toco place in town . another restaurant reminding me of la .	857
0	i can confirm that since moving out of onnix , my stress levels have gone down , my skin has never looked better and my credit score has gone up . i have lived in this complex since 2014 , believe me when i say you do n't want to be living here .	2492
1	angelo is an incredible trainer . i am seeing results that i have never seen before . you need to meet him and you will know you found one of the best trainers . his goal is to create a better you ! please stop by for a free consultation , you will be glad you did .	3912
0	so i went for a `` quick '' lunch today and ordered a simple fried rice and waited 20 minutes , when i caught the woman at the counter realize that my order was n't placed so she sent the order and preceded to argue with another customer about a take out that was done wrong . waited a couple of more minutes then left and ate at johnny 's red bowl . the end !	829
1	the spring training games at the new talking stick is fantastic ! players are very fan friendly and the food courts are all outstanding ! very open baseball field park , which allows you too see all the action . the scenery is outstanding with the mountains in the background of the baseball park . very classy organization top to bottom !	2005
1	solid 2 outta 3 in the last year now . they 're improving , and the next/same day shipping price ca n't be beat . i like them more , and wish them the best of luck .	556
0	the service here is absolutely horrible . we order appetizers and the server `` forgot '' to put them in . the food was late and cold . we went to the bar to order drinks cause the server was non-present ... .only stayed because we were trying to watch the game . terrible .	1520
1	they have been expanding their hours , so now it is till 6pm on weekday and 1pm on sunday . there is free wifi so you can go though your email while you donate . i usually get in and out in less then 2 hours .	1211
0	i have a good time when i go but my boyfriend who is only 19 can go and drink alcoholic beverages then they will look at his id and say we 'll pretend we never saw this then he will drive back to surprise . you guys need to be strict on looking at ids at the beginning and not giving it to minors because you can be shut down .	1483
0	service would was not very good as i was not treated very well . i have shopped at canabee baby , snuggle bug and other baby/children stores in the gta and would recommend them over this store .	3789
1	there is something about this place i just love . the french toast and the cinnamon sugar bagels are so good they should be illegal . i could literally eat them every day and i would not get tired of them . great place to start the morning off .	477
0	did they damage your granite during installation ? tough luck , they will still charge you full price . quite the racket going there . `` go ahead , take me before the contractors board . i 've won every time ! ''	2090
0	do not ever go here to get your hair cut . i believe the lady 's name was susan . i went in having hair down to my butt with long v layers . i asked for an inch or two off , my hair is now to my boob and is a really sloppy job with regards to layers . my hair is round at the bottom , and has cutting indents around the bottom and side . it 's a nightmare ! they have no idea what they are doing .	3697
0	um ... ... no . the girl taking my order was nice , but short of that it was a big waste of time and money . took them 15 minutes to make my sandwich , which was piled high with lettuce . very little turkey and all kinds of different liquids that just made it a soggy mess . i wo n't be back .	277
1	amazing service and my car looks amazing ! daniel checked my car in and made sure i was set up with the best wash . cool light show while going through as well ! my car looks spotless and i 'm probably going to purchase the month pass because of the results . thanks guys ! it 's about time we have a nice , cheap , and fast car wash in the area . : - )	78
1	i love this ross , i can find everything and anything at this location due to it being very organized . the cashiers are always so friendly and high speed . at other ross locations , you just wait in line with the cashiers having no sense of urgency . the manager or security always greets at the door and the 8 times i 've been has been faithful with doing so .	3778
0	the fish tacos were fine but , frankly , nothing i could n't make at home . $ 16 later i was still feeling peckish . the slaw is unusually spicy . our server was a neophyte and interpreted our `` could we get the bill '' motion for `` where 's our food ? '' they might be a victim of their own success . we got the food okay but there was little in the way of a table check up to see if we wanted more drinks , dessert , etc .	273
0	t ; small tv and limited cable also no free parking available . tourist trap to say the least .	1656
1	recommended ! it was such a pleasure talking to mike and to hear such a friendly person ! we 've been waiting for two other electricians for a week to get back with us , and within an hour mike was able to contact us and resolve the issue over the phone ! he went the extra mile and made several phone calls that he did n't have to ! it 's so refreshing to find a company who cares about their customers ! we will recommend them to any one , and in just one call he gained loyal customers ! god bless you !	719
0	i am pained to write this but feel compelled . first off this place has amazing cookies and macarons . i do n't know if it is new owners or what but the customer service has gotten very bad . a few months back i showed up more than a half hour before they were supposed to be closed and all the lights were off and i could see 2 ladies inside closing up shop early . very disappointing to say the least . the next day i emailed the `` owner 's '' email i was given by an employee , and never heard back from them . needless to say i wo n't be giving them my business anymore	981
0	my wife ordered the chicken sandwich based on all of the positive reviews being posted on yelp . to say that her $ 12 sandwich ( $ 8.50 plus tax and tip ) was disappointing is an understatement . the sandwich looked and tasted anemic at best , and the homefries looked like they were heated up leftovers from the day before . save your money and go elsewhere .	713
0	i recently moved here from glendale , and was looking for a nail salon to go to . decided to check it out here . i did gel manicure by a guy there he cut mu cuticle and it was bleeding . and the massage was quick . then got my pedicure from a lady there , did a sugar scrub it was good then she painted my toes did n't bother putting the toe seperators and it smeared . i had to tell her to put that on . ugh anyway overall experience for that price i wish i lived in glendale and back with the girl i used to go too .	3732
1	as an australian , i have n't had the chance to experience the paradise bakery way before . as a local bakery , i commend the business on the quality of the roasted turkey and avocado blt that they prepared . the ingredients were tast and fresh and i will definitely be back to visit next time i am in the usa . i also sampled the light roast coffee and was very impressed with the well rounded flavour . i 'm a straight black coffee drinker without sugar and the coffee ticked all my boxes . would prefer if they filled my coffee cup rather than the diy bar but that 's probably just me being a snob . highly recommended !	701
1	been my go to pharmacy for over a year now and they 're always kind , helpful & overall good cvs . also recently had to visit the minute clinic which normally i dread because of long waits and awful experiences but not this cvs . their minute clinic was quick , helpful & was opposite of dreadful .	2838
1	very clean and nicely decorated . the pedicure chairs are super comfortable and staff was nice , they did n't rush and i felt did a great job !	2977
1	went for an anniversary dinner and it was perfect . we got the chef 's tasting which was 6 courses of local and fresh ingredients . while some would consider it costly it is a great experience and by the end of the meal the portion sizes proved to be perfect if not slightly too much . the service was good , knowledgeable , and helpful . i would highly recommend this for couples or groups looking for a great food experience without being overly hipster .	437
1	stopped by for a few drinks and my fabulous bartender chelsea made the best espresso martini ! i would definitely recommend it and i will be coming back ! cheers	2863
0	just went to this car wash or should i saw grease job ! ! there was grease slung all over my wheels and tires when i drove home it sprayed all over the car sides . needless to say the car was much cleaner than after the wash. not going here again unless you needed a lube job !	2939
1	the salon itself is beautiful . i was so pleased with how friendly their receptionists were , they made sure we were taken care of and offered beverages for while we waited . the massage chairs were n't the greatest , it felt like i was being beaten , but aside from that everything else was very pleasant . i had the nail tech , billy , and he was also very social and he took pride in his work . ill definitely be coming back !	2977
0	worst place ever they need to retrained the workers there bad costumer services skills suck they cant even cut hair nor style . so watch out and spend your money somewhere else	2522
0	very rude people here , the price is great but people here are assholes ! very disrespectful . they do n't know how to treat their costumers . and it 's not a place you want to hang out at , very dirty and plain . one day they 'll ask for you i.d another day they wo n't . smh ! you guys are n't consistent .	1747
0	i saw a listing for a two bedroom and requested a showing . i was immediately contacted by johnny torreli at 9:40 pm at night . i asked about pets and his rude response was that `` none of our listings takes pets . '' figuring since he called me this late i tried to see if as a realtor had other listings that he might know about . i told him i had two small dogs and he rudely responded `` good luck with that '' and then hung up . unfortunately , if this a representation how he treats prospective clients how is he going to treat you when you are already renting from them .	1578
0	tried to return fake russia tea , but management refused since i did not have a receipt . really ? ! i spend thousands of dollars per year in the store to be treated like i am trying to gain something out of it ! ? but karma was around the corner , since glass broke near the cash registers costing them more .	541
0	the restaurant looks nice on the inside and clean . however the food is the is the absolute worst . my husband and i are sick . we just left there .	1302
0	toby really ruined even stevens for me . i 've made my way around to every location but that hobbit looking man really chapped my ass . wo n't be returning to this location .	277
1	eat here . top 5 meals we 've ever had . no pictures to prove it ... gasp . sorry , we like to live in the moment . you can tell they 're still working out a few kinks since it only opened a month ago , but do n't let small hiccups like empty drinks , uncleared plates , or checks ready to be cashed out for too long keep you from having a thoroughly enjoyable evening . we will be back .	1414
1	yea it busy but fast tina was a big help in the inside i will be coming back to this one soon	2778
1	great location best haircut i 've had . real mans barbershop not for girly men . this is your barbershop you remember as a kid great prices	3670
1	love this place . great meeting location . i go at least once a week from 2-5pm for the 1/2 price appetizers . love their burgers . only complaint would be that they could give you a bit more fries with your burger .	476
1	great work ! have used this company several times in the past and will certainly use them again . highly recommend to all in need . friendly , family-owned , and the product itself is second to none !	38
0	nothing special about this joint that i could find ... ... and $ 4.50 for a lousy bottle of domestic beer ( bud lite ) at a downtown casino bar ... ... .give me a break . should have told them to take it back and gone across the street to get the same thing for $ 2.00 .	2500
0	by far the worst nail salon in vegas ! i got acrylic with julie at first..and i 'm not a nail tech but i know when it does n't look right ..she was globbing it on my nails leaving huge gaps..how did she get her license ? ? i asked nicely if she could fix it and she gave me a huge attitude..saying `` ok ! you wait till i finish ! '' i 'm a very passive person ..but she was so rude that asked if i could get the other guy sitting next to her..of course she gave me attitude ..well after waiting for the other guy he suckedddd even worse ! horrible experience ! !	2736
0	paid $ 70 to fix a cracked screen on an iphone and problem was not fixed ! phone screen never worked properly again . i took it back a month later and he told me it was too late since it was after 30 day guarantee . my only option was to pay him `` to fix '' it again . place is a rip-off , do n't go here !	3838
0	i absolutely dont recommend this place , or at least not pauleen ! she has my mom very upset over her recovery . she was told that she will never walk again without a walker and stop using a cane ! my mom is a very healthy , trim 76 year old who fell and is recovering from a broken hip and drop foot . her biggest motivation is getting rid of the hardware and walking on her own . pauleen crushed her and now she wants to stop professional therapy now because of this input . fyi she has never been told this by any of her other pt or nurses or docs ... encouragement goes a long way ... shame on pauleen !	687
1	this is by far the best starbucks i 've ever been to ! all the barista 's are very nice ( mj is so amazing ) , and i had a great experience . these guys make a pretty damn fine espresso .	1934
0	very bad service and rude . got a haircut i did n't want . they did not listen to me and told me to leave ! never come back again !	3469
1	update : 3/2018 . have n't tanned in years but needed a base for a trip . per their website , locals can tan one week for $ 20.00 ! it 's legit . you can only do it one week a year and only in level 1-4 beds . and must do the days consecutive . can not skip a day . perfect for what i needed . selena helped me today and was super friendly and professional .	2582
1	i love venetian salon & spa ! everyone is so nice and friendly and they do the best job on my nails . it 's extremely affordable and the location is awesome ! places to eat and shop before or after you get your nails done ! jessica is the bomb ! we have so much fun and she does amazing nails/nail art !	43
0	minute clinic review : wish i could give 0 stars . the np told me i had a sinus infection but that policy was they do n't prescribe antibiotics unless you 've had it for 10 days or a fever over 102 . in less than 48 hours went to my doctor who diagnosed me with a sinus infection that progressed into a severe case of bronchitis which could have been prevented with antibiotics .	1555
1	a real nice burger ... a good sized portion for a pretty good price . i got the cajun burger which was really good . it could have used a little more flavor but still an excellent burger . i would recommend for a nice traditional american meal .	1445
0	i have been eating at both las palmas and casa rasta for years and was always impressed with both their authenticity , quality and great food . im deeply dismayed to say that having combined the 2 eateries i got none of those . food was bland , somehow they got rid of all the caribbean ambiance with actually removing anything , and jacked up the prices . also , they had these tiny menus that were basically unreadable to order food , so you really had no idea what you were ordering , tho the waitress was friendly and happy to explain it . im dismayed to say i probably wont be back to this restaurant i used to be a frequent diner .	1358
1	from all these negative reviews i can only surmise that we must live in an area that has a very efficient on-trac delivery person . we have never had a poor experience with them . always deliver early in the day and on time .	556
0	i 've been cleaning and detailing my vehicles for months but after a trip up north to the snow i was tired and did n't want to crawl under our truck to power was the undercarriage . i purchased the platinum wash on 1/29/17 and yes it is clean but the worker did not vacuum the seats , missed several spots with the interior dressing , did n't clean the rear interior windows , and put dressing all over my flat black wheels to make them shine . i did n't notice what he missed until i left but just finished cleaning with when i got home . $ 32.99 plus a nice tip , will cause me not to come back anytime soon or recommendations .	3899
0	i found them to be rude , no bed side manners at all . i do n't recommend this doctor or the staff . i wanted to leave their immediately . they acted like they were duly booked constantly but i was the only person in there at the time . it 's very bad when staff treats you that way it shows a lack of compassion and human respect . they should fire the woman at front immediately i highly recommend avoiding this place with every fiber in my body . just go through the reviews here its clear that they have a terrible track record . disgusting .	3321
1	they stopped spraying to clean in bay while cars in there . this is good so as not to back spray clean cars . the girl at the entrance is a lot better than most of the guys . she pays attention well , and is on post so people do n't have to wait at the sign . rinsing is n't doing very well . soap residue left and even after i air spray , a running drop will result in a soap colored dry streak . still seems to be scratching the clear coat off .	2939
1	we went on st. patrick 's day and the atmospher was so nice ! of course , we enjoyed it . the employees were very friendly and kind . i favorite this plcae and wan na go again for sure .	670
1	jodi the salesperson design of the layout of the cabinets was excellent . jayson installed the cabinets professionally . the staff and materials used high quality .	1667
1	don b 's steakhouse is vintage vegas . we had steaks and martinis on a saturday night and it was pretty busy . they serve palate cleansing sherbert between courses , a nice unexpected touch . if you love steak , you ca n't go wrong here . the ambiance is very old-school steakhouse and we loved it . the service could n't have been better .	2500